{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 
heading 2;}{\s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 List;}{\s16\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl10\ls2047\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang
{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls2047\ilvl10\rin0\lin360\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \sautoupd List Bullet;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text;}{\s18\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 Title;}{
\s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Body Text 2;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-47051366\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0
\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \s16\fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid-119}{\list\listtemplateid-1968947582
\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li720
\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li1440
\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li2160
\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li2880
\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li3600
\jclisttab\tx3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li4320
\jclisttab\tx4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5040
\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5760
\jclisttab\tx5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li6480
\jclisttab\tx6480 }{\listname ;}\listid124155413}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid-119\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid124155413\listoverridecount0\ls2}}{\info{\title Articles of Association}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}
{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy9\hr15\min27}{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy9\hr15\min32}{\version3}{\edmins11}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords2566}{\nofchars14630}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}{\nofcharsws17966}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s18\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 
Articles of Association
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par To further the purposes set forth herein, the members agree to be, and hereby are, organized under these Articles of Association as a not for profit service and social club, for the Association to be named _____________________________. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 ARTICLE I - THE ORGANIZATION 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 1.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul Name of Association}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par The name of this Association shall be:  ________________________ 
\par 
\par 2.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul Offices of Association}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par The principal office of the Association shall be at the home of the President of the group.  The Association may have such other offices as may from time to time be designated by its members or its Executive Board. 
\par 
\par 3.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul Purposes}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par The primary purposes of the Association is to provide a community service by: 
\par 
\par improving __________________________;
\par share information; 
\par educate and encourage newcomers to join and participate in the Association; 
\par provide social activities for members;
\par further the art, science, and enjoyment of the subject matter.
\par 
\par The activities of the Association shall be held and maintained in the spirit of these purposes. 
\par 
\par 4.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul Powers}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
The Association shall have all the powers necessary to provide activities to conduct its purposes including, but are not limited to, the power to collect, hold and disseminate information consistent
 with its purpose: to conduct seminars and workshops, and the power to collect dues and disperse funds for the membership. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 5.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul Membership}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Any individual interested in the subject is welcome to be a member in the Association as long as said member remains in \'93
good standing\'94.  A member is in \'93good standing\'94 when: - the member pays his/her annual membership dues when required. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par A member is no longer in \'93good standing\'94 when: - the member fails to pay his/her annual membership dues when required. 
\par 
\par In the judgment of the majority of the members, the member no longer supports the best interests of the Association. 
\par 
\par If a member so elects, he or she may include within his or her membership any or all of the interested parties who reside in his or her househo
ld.  In the event of such an election by a member, said member and all of the interested parties who reside in his or her household who he or she has elected to include within his or her membership shall be deemed to be one member of the Association and e
n
titled to one newsletter.  In addition, regardless of the number of such interested parties, any member may elect to include within his or her membership, each member of the Association shall be entitled to only one vote on each Association matter to be d
e
cided by a vote of the members.  Additionally, household memberships are limited to one entry into any prize drawing that require membership.  Yet, at any time any member of an included household, may become a voting member by paying dues appropriate to b
ecoming a member. 
\par Complementary memberships are extended to both students and faculty of any bona-fide institution of learning, to include additional complementary memberships may be granted to persons in key positions of authority as deemed appropriate by
 the Executive Board, and voted upon by the general membership. 
\par 
\par 6.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul Dues, Assessments and Fees}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {The Association\rquote 
s activities shall be funded through the use of annual membership dues, assessments, and fees charged to the individuals who take part in the Association\rquote 
s various activities.  Except for any excess fees refunded as provided hereafter, all the funds collected by the Association shall be used by it to provide for the various activities permitted by these Articles. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par The annual membership dues r
equired for membership in the Association, and any assessments which may be required of the members, shall be established by a majority vote of the members of the Association, upon the recommendation of the Executive Board.  The annual membership dues for
 
any fiscal year shall be established at such an amount per member as will, when multiplied by the number of individuals which the Executive Board estimates will be members for the fiscal year for which the annual membership dues are being established, be 
sufficient to pay at least 80% of the \'93normal operating costs\'94 which the Executive Board estimates will be required to operate the Association for the fiscal year for which the annual membership dues are being established.  The balance of the \'93
normal operating costs\'94
, if any, shall be paid from assessments assessed against the membership, investment income, and/or surplus funds available from prior fiscal years.  The annual membership dues and any assessments may be varied from fiscal year to fiscal year, bu
t any such dues and/or assessments in effect for any fiscal year shall be the same for all individuals. 
\par 
\par Fees shall be charged by the Association to pay the costs of any of its activities, or parts thereof, which do not fall within the meaning of \'93normal operating costs\'94
.  Said fees shall be established by the Executive Board at an amount per individual per activity, or part thereof, which shall not exceed the amount which is reasonably estimated to be necessary to pay the costs of said activity, or part t
hereof, which do not fall within the meaning of \'93normal operating costs\'94.  Should the fees established and collected for any activity or part thereof, not be sufficient to pay all the costs which do not fall within the meaning of \'93
normal operating costs\'94 which are generated by said activity, or part thereof, the deficiency shall be paid as a \'93normal operating costs\'94
 of the Association.  Should the fees collected from any activity, or part thereof, exceed the costs of such activity, or part thereof, which do not fall within the meaning of \'93normal operating costs\'94
, and should such excess exceed the greater of $200 or 20% of said non \'93normal operating costs\'94 incurred to provide said activity, or part thereof, said excess shall be refunded pro-rata to the indivi
duals who paid the fees for such activity, or part thereof.  The fees established for any activity, or part thereof, shall be the same for all individuals who take part in such activity, or part thereof, regardless of whether they are members of the Assoc
iation or non-members. 
\par 
\par 7.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul Fiscal Year}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {The Association shall operate with the calendar year as its fiscal year. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 8.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul Funds Management and Authorities}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {No individual member has the authority to obligate the Association in any way.  In doing so that 
member becomes personally responsible for that obligation and not the Association. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par Elected Executive Board Members may obligate the Association for up to $25 on non-recurring expenses. 
\par 
\par The President with the approval of the treasurer may obligate the association for up to $100 on non-recurring expenses.  The President and Treasurer should monitor all increases in recurring expenses. 
\par 
\par The Executive Board in simple majority may obligate the Association for up to $200 on non-recurring expenses. 
\par 
\par The Membership in simple majority must approve non-recurring expenditures in excess of $200. 
\par 
\par New recurring expenses must be approved by simple majority of the membership.  Increases in existing recurring expenses do not require approval of the membership. 
\par 
\par These Articles describe the rules by which the Association is to be governed.  Any situation concerning the governing of this Association which is not specifically described in these Articles shall be governed by \'93Robert\rquote s Rules of Order\'94
.  In any situation in which these Articles conflict with \'93Robert\rquote s Rules of Order\'94, these Articles shall prevail. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 ARTICLE II - THE EXECUTIVE BOARD 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 1.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul OFFICERS\rquote  DUTIES}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {The Executive Board is composed of the officers elected by the general membership at the November gen
eral membership meeting.  The officers are responsible for the daily operation of the Association as described in the officers\rquote  duties.  The order listed below indicates the order of succession to the presidency. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par The following describes the duties of each of the officers: 
\par 
\par PRESIDENT - The office of President is the primary person responsible for the business operation of the Association and presides at the regular membership meetings and the Executive Board meetings. 
\par 
\par VICE PRESIDENT - There shall be one Vice President. He / She will have one vote on the Executive Board.  The Vice President is responsible for the performance of the President\rquote 
s duties in the absence of the President. The Vice President, along with the Executive Board, is responsible for the program planning for the general membership meetings.  He / She shall schedule speakers for each month\rquote 
s meeting and publish the planned topics and speakers\rquote  names in the newsletter on the month prior to when the topic is scheduled.  The Vice Presidents
 are also responsible for the coordination of obtaining audio-visual materials required by the speakers. 
\par 
\par SECRETARY/TREASURER - The Secretary is responsible for maintaining the non-financial records of the Association\rquote s operations.  The Secretary provides
 meeting notes of all general membership and Executive Board meetings.  These notes/minutes will be recorded in a Secretary\rquote 
s book and will be available (posted in the newsletter) for the general membership to review.  The Secretary is also responsible for
 all non-financial correspondence for the Association business activities.  The Secretary shall act as the Treasurers primary alternate to conduct the everyday business of collecting dues and signing up new members. The Treasurer is responsible for all th
e funds of the association.  The Treasurer shall maintain a detailed listing of the clubs membership and dues records.  The Treasurer shall publish a monthly financial statement, report to the membership and publish a summary report in the Association
\rquote s new
sletter.  The Treasurer shall maintain a record which he or she shall make available for inspection within five calendar days of his or her receipt of a written request for such an inspection from any member or a written or verbal request for such an insp
ection from the Executive Board. The President or Vice-President may perform the duties of Treasurer as required.  The Treasurer shall maintain the membership records for the Association. 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {MEMBERS AT LARGE -There shall be two members at large whose duties shall be deemed by the President. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 2.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul ELECTION OF OFFICERS}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par Nominations will be opened at the September general meeting and close just prior to the election at the November general meeting.  Absentee ballots will be accepted, if delivered prior to the N
ovember general meeting.  Nominations and ballots will be published in the November newsletter. The election will be held at the November meeting with the results announced at the end of the meeting.  Officers will be installed at the January meeting.  Ea
c
h officer shall serve for a term of one year from the date of his or her installation and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified.  In the month of October the President will select a nominating committee, subject to the confirmation of t
h
e Executive Board.  The committee will choose a slate of candidates and will place their names in nomination.   In addition, nominations for any office may be made from the floor or written-in, prior to elections being held, by any member.  If the members
 
who have been so nominated consent to run and to serve if elected, and if their respective nominations have been duly seconded, their names shall be placed on the ballot along with the names of the members chosen by the nominating committee.  The election
 of officers shall be a simple plurality of ballots presented to the Secretary during the November meeting. 
\par 
\par Officers must be members in good standing at the time of their election and must maintain their good standing throughout their term of office. 
\par 
\par 2.1 }{\f1\fs22\ul Removal from Office}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par Any officer may have his or her duties suspended by a unanimous, unopposed vote of the remaining members of the Executive Board.  The suspended officer may request a reinstatement vote by the general membership, following the rules
 of elections of officers at the next general membership meeting.  If the suspended officer does not request a reinstatement vote or if the vote is opposed to reinstatement, the Executive Board must then select a successor to fill the vacant position.  Th
e selection is subject to general membership confirmation by a majority vote at the next regular meeting. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 ARTICLE III - APPOINTMENTS 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par The President or Executive Board may select members to serve special assignments of need.  The appointments will be subject to approval by the general membership. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 ARTICLE IV - ADVISORY BOARD 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par The Advisory Board is composed of the appointed members appointed by the president and approved by the Executive Board.  The members of the advisory board positions are not appointed 
for a specific duration and may be replaced at any time by the President with the Executive Boards approval.  The appointees serve as technical advisors and subject matter experts to provide added expertise to the executive board and meet with the Executi
ve Board at the Executive Board meeting.  The position listed below serves only as a guide to the advisory board\rquote s positions and are not limited to those positions. 
\par 
\par 1.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul General Membership Meetings}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par The entire membership meets monthly.  The meetings are 
conducted by the President or designated alternate.  Meetings shall consist of programs of general interest to the membership, brief announcements, and club business.  A minimum of 5 members must be present to conduct FORMAL club business. 
\par 
\par 2.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul Executive Board Meetings}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
The Executive Board shall be called by the President as needed or as designated for purposes indicated at the General Membership Meeting by a majority vote of the membership present.  The Executive Board Meetings shall be open to the gene
ral membership.  Executive Board Meetings and location shall be announced in advance to the membership whenever possible.  A minimum of 3 voting members (or designated representation) must be present to conduct club business. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 ARTICLE VI - NEWSLETTER 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 1.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul Purpose}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
The content of the newsletter shall be under the control and responsibility of the newsletter Editor and approved by the Executive Board.  The club will only publish articles (information) which are clear and free of legal encumbrances and copyrights.  

\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 \line 2.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul Publication}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par The newsletter shall be published and made a
vailable at the General Membership Meetings to members in good standing.  Anyone providing articles or notices is required to provide the information to the Editor for publication at least 10 days before scheduled publication. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 ARTICLE VII - REPRESENTATION OF THE CLUB 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par The use of the name of this Association or its identifying symbols by any person or organization will be subject to the consent of the majority of the Executive Board. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 ARTICLE VIII- AMENDMENT OF ARTICLES 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par Two methods exist to propose an amendment to, addition to, or repeal of, any provision of, or all of these Articles of Association. 
\par 
\par 1.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul By Executive Board}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par The Executive Board may propose any such change in these Articles by presenting said changes at a General Membership Meeting. 
\par 
\par 2.0 }{\f1\fs22\ul By Members}{\f1\fs22  
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
Any member may propose any such change in these Articles by submitting to any member of the Executive Board a petition which sets forth the proposed change and which is signed by at least 2/3 of the members at a meeting to be voted on at the ne
xt meeting. The membership list of the month previous to the month in which the petition is submitted shall be used for determining the membership count. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par Any proposed change must be published in the newsletter one month prior to the meeting in which the votes are due to be submitted.  Approval of any amendment to, addition to, or repeal of, any provision of, or all of, these Articles of 
Association requires a majority of the submitted signed, votes received from the members. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 ARTICLE IX - DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
In the event that the Association ceases to function, or in the event that the members decide to terminate it, the Executive Board shall, after paying or making provisions for the payment of all of the Association\rquote s liabilities, distribute all 
of the remaining assets of the Association to such organization or organizations which the Executive Board shall select which are then qualified as exempt under Section 501 \'a9
 (3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended, (or the corresponding provi
sion of any future United States Internal Revenue Law).  Any assets not so distributed shall be distributed by the Court of Common Pleas of the county in which the principal office of the Association is then located, or was most recently located if the As
sociation has ceased to function, to such organization or organizations which said Court shall select which are then qualified as exempt under Section 501 \'a9
 (3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended, (or the corresponding provision of any future United States Internal Revenue Law). 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par _____________________
\par Founder of Organization
\par 
\par _____________________
\par Founding Members (each should sign and initial)
\par 
\par Dated: 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Articles of Association
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation. 
 Articles of Association are important to get into place at the founding of an organization.  If not done immediately, the issues linger and are harder to agree upon at a later date.  Once the founding members set up the organization, the membership can r
evise the rules as they proceed.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 1.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\faauto\ls2\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
Make multiple copies.  Give one copy to each member.  Be sure to file away these organizational papers so they are available to the officers and for future officers.
\par }\pard \qj \li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par }}