{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\info
{\title Banner Towing, Aerial}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy1\hr11\min20}{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy1\hr11\min20}{\version2}{\edmins14}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords517}{\nofchars2950}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}
{\nofcharsws3622}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0
\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 Banner Towing, Aerial
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 _________________________, referred to as ADVERTISER, and _________________________, referred to as AIR CARRIER, agree:
\par 
\par AIR CARRIER shall provide aerial banner towing for ADVERTISER under the terms and conditions herein:
\par Length of banner: _________________________
\par Type of banner: _________________________
\par Weight of banner: _________________________
\par Dates for towing: _________________________
\par Time(s) for towing: _________________________
\par Route for towing: _________________________
\par 
\par ADVERTISER shall provide copy and advertising materials to AIR CARRIER at least ________________ days prior to the first scheduled tow. AIR CARRIER shall, consistent with applicable regulations and operations requirements, fabricate a banner in accordance
 with the specifications stated above.
\par 
\par ADVERTISER shall indemnify AIR CARRIER for all copyright, trademark or other intellectual property claims by others, and represents to AIR CARRIER that it is authorized to use the art or banner provided for public advertising.
\par 
\par AIR CARRIER shall diligently attempt to tow the banner upon the schedule provided above in strict accordance with all applicable regulations and its licenses to operate. However, in the event that, in AIR CARRIER\rquote s sole discretion, any scheduled
 tow cannot be safely accomplished due to weather, regulatory or other operational conditions, AIR CARRIER shall not be required to operate such flights (such conditions preventing operation due to weather, regulatory or other conditions shall be referred
 to as \'93operational conditions\'94).
\par 
\par AIR CARRIER shall at all times maintain public liability insurance/aviation public liability with minimum limits of $___________ (_______________________________________________ & 
\par _____/100 dollars) with a licensed carri
er or carrier(s) in the state of __________________, and shall provide proof of such coverage to the ADVERTISER upon request. AIR CARRIER shall indemnify and hold ADVERTISER harmless for all liability related to its operations, other than intellectual pro
perty claims identified above.
\par 
\par AIR CARRIER shall receive a fee of $_____________ (______________________________ & _____/100 dollars) per tow. In the event that any tows are canceled due to operational conditions, AIR CARRIER shall contact the ADVERTISER f
or possible rescheduling. Other than not being paid, AIR CARRIER shall not be liable to the ADVERTISER for any failure to tow banners caused by operational conditions. Said fee shall be paid on a _________________ basis.
\par 
\par ADVERTISER grants to AIR CARRIER a lien on the banner or other properties, which are entrusted to AIR CARRIER to secure payment of its charges.
\par 
\par Any regulations of the FAA or other authorities which are applicable to the provision of these services, as changed from time to time, are be inco
rporated herein, and in the event of any conflict with the terms herein, the governmental regulations will control. This is the entire agreement between the parties and the same may only be changed in writing.
\par 
\par Dated: ___________________________
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ______________________________________________
\par _________________________ By Air Carrier
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ______________________________________________
\par _________________________ By Tower
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Banner Towing, Aerial
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  
This banner towing agreement can be adjusted to any banner advertising opportunity, such as on a web site, truck, or other related situation.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 1.  Make multiple copies.  Give one to each party.
\par }}