{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{
\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\info{\title Duplication or Replication Agreement}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}
{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy2\hr8\min31}{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy2\hr8\min33}{\version3}{\edmins5}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords583}{\nofchars3324}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}{\nofcharsws4082}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 Dupl
ication or Replication Agreement
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 ______________________, referred to as DUPLICATOR, and ___________________, referred to as CUSTOMER, agrees:
\par 
\par DUPLICATOR shall duplicate _____________________ copies of ______________________, to be delivered as follows: __________________________________________________________ subject to the following specifications:
\par 
\par Media type: _________________________ 
\par Shell type: ________________________ 
\par Printing on the shell: _________________________ 
\par Labeling: _______________________ 
\par Date and time for delivery of master: _____________________________
\par Packaging of produced materials: ____________________________
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par CUSTOMER grants to DUPLICATOR an express lien upon the finished goods and any master tapes, disks, and other materials provided to the DUPLICATOR (hereafter called the \'93Materials\'94)
\par Unless payment in full of all charges is received prior to delivery, DUPLICATOR shall have the right to retain the Materials, until payment in full of all charges due from CUSTOMER TO DUPLICATOR is received, including sums due from other agreements
 between the CUSTOMER and DUPLICATOR.  In the event of a failure to pay, DUPLICATOR shall have the right to sell the Materials upon 7 days notice to the address of CUSTOMER via public or private sale. CUSTOMER shall be liable to duplicator
 for any deficiency, or, shall receive any surplus.  DUPLICATOR may bid at any public sale.
\par 
\par In DUPLICATOR\rquote s sole discretion, in the event that the CUSTOMER fails to take delivery or to pay any charges due from CUSTOMER to DUPLICATOR, DUPLICATOR may store the same at the expense of the CUSTOMER.
\par 
\par Any unpaid amounts shall bear interest at the highest legal rate.  Any charges incurred by DUPLICATOR to prepare the goods for sale shall be paid by CUSTOMER.
\par 
\par CUSTOMER warrants that it has the legal right to order duplication of the materials, and that the materials are legally duplicable.
\par 
\par CUSTOMER shall indemnify DUPLICATOR for any claims made by any third parties arising from any services performed by DUPLICATOR.
\par 
\par CUSTOMER represents that the original is suitable for duplication.
\par LIMITATION OF WARRANTIES
\par 
\par Unless especial valuation is declared in writing and additional charges paid, in the event of any failure to perform, breach of contract, breach of warranty or any other claim arising out of this contract, made against the DUPLICATOR the sole remedy shall
 be: replacement of any defective duplicated items.
\par 
\par In addition, any warranty made by the manufacturer or distributor of the media may be made if legally available by the CUSTOMER.
\par 
\par DUPLICATOR shall not be liable for any incidental, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages.
\par 
\par Change orders may be made verbally by the CUSTOMER. DUPLICATOR shall fax or mail a confirmation of the same. Unless objected to by the next business day after faxing, or, if mailed by the third business day after mailing, such change orders shall 
be considered to be conclusive evidence of the correctness of the change order.
\par 
\par CUSTOMER acknowledges that in provision of these services DUPLICATOR will be providing \'93custom made goods\'94 and will order materials suitable only for use for CUSTOMER. Accordingly, on or after
 ____________________________, since the damages suffered by DUPLICATOR are difficult to ascertain, and as liquidated damages and not a penalty that in the event that CUSTOMER cancels the order after that da
te, ___________________________ percent of the contract price will be paid by CUSTOMER.
\par 
\par Dated: __________________
\par 
\par For ______________________:
\par 
\par __________________________________ By Customer
\par 
\par 
\par For ______________________:
\par 
\par __________________________________ By Duplicator
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Duplication or Replication Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you 
in its preparation.  This agreement is useful for all media duplication or replication agreements.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 1.  Make multiple copies.  Give one to each signing party.
\par }}