{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid312227362\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }{\listname ;}\listid74324903}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid74324903\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title Employment Agreement, Actors}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}
{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo9\dy18\hr8\min19}{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy18\hr8\min19}{\version2}{\edmins12}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords615}{\nofchars3507}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}{\nofcharsws4306}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 
Employment Agreement, Actors
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par _______________________, referred to as the EMPLOYER, and ____________________, referred to as the ACTOR, agree:
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {ACTOR is engaged to perform the part of ___________________________ in a play entitled 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 _______________________ herein referred to as the \'93play.\'94
 ACTOR warrants that he has had a full opportunity to review the script and directions of the play.
\par 
\par ACTOR sha
ll attend _______________________ rehearsals, as the same are scheduled by the EMPLOYER, and shall participate in the same in good faith and shall fully and professionally cooperate with the directors and producers and other support staff selected by the 
EMPLOYER. In addition, ACTOR shall participate in such promotional events as may be requested by the EMPLOYER.
\par 
\par The term of employment under this agreement shall be for the run of the play beginning on ________________________ and concluding on ____________
_____________, unless earlier terminated as provided herein, or, unless the production is closed earlier, in which case the agreement shall terminate at the close of the production.
\par 
\par ACTOR grants to EMPLOYER the right to use ACTOR\rquote s name and image in connection with advertising of the play, including the right to use of video and audio clips not exceeding 30 seconds within commercial or promotional material.
  ACTOR explicitly gives up any rights to residuals or other payments related to this production being taped, filmed, videoed, or otherwise duplicated and used in the future for any purpose whatsoever.
\par 
\par In consideration of the artist\rquote s services the Manager shall pay to the artist $_____ (________________ & _____/100 dollars) for every performance to be paid weekly. 
\par 
\par The services to be performed herein are agreed by the parties to be unique and personal, and ACTOR agrees that he shall be subject to an injunction requiring that the ACTOR refrain from any acting, direction or other employment related to acting 
or entertainment throughout the world during the term of this agreement except herein.
\par 
\par Prior to the scheduled termination herein, the EMPLOYER in its sole discretion may terminate this contract and pay herein shall end with the performance immediately prior to the termination for
: artistic reasons, with the judgment of the EMPLOYER being final; acts, including acts during the personal time of the ACTOR which adversely affect the reputation of th
e production, with the judgment of the EMPLOYER being final, or, failure of the ACTOR to appear for rehearsal or other commitments provided for herein.
\par 
\par Dated: ________________                    
\par ________________________________\tab Social Security Number: ______________
\par For _______________________ By Actor
\par 
\par _______________________________
\par For ____________________ By Employer
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Employment Agreement, Actors
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  This Actor\rquote 
s Employment Agreement can be used for many similar types of endeavors.  You can modify it for one time employment easily.  The Agreement calls for no res
iduals or future payments.  This is to protect the Employer from later payments, bookkeeping, and the like.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 1.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
Make multiple copies.  Give one to the Actor; one to the Employer for the project file and another for the Employee file (this agreement sets up the Actor as an \'93Employee\'94
; if you wish to make them a 1099 Independent Contractor you can do so by inserting that language in the text).
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 2.\tab}If a 1099 Contractor, \'93Actor agrees that they shall work as an Independent Contractor for Employer and be responsible for all taxes thereto.\'94  This langua
ge should be inserted at the end of the above agreement.  
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 3.\tab}In these circumstances, if the Actor does a one-time
 job being an Independent Contractor is totally justified.  The longer the work continues the more the Actor is functioning like an employee and 
the more risk the Employer would take on by paying them as a 1099 Independent Contractor.  If in doubt, consult your accountant on this matter.
  The IRS is very skeptical of Independent Contractor status when the individual is under the direct control of an Employer.  They are even more skeptical if that relationship continues over a period of time.  Be so advised.
\par }}