{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\info
{\title Engineering Service Agreement}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo9\dy17\hr14\min55}{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy17\hr14\min55}{\version2}{\edmins5}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords474}{\nofchars2703}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}
{\nofcharsws3319}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0
\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 Engineering Service Agreement
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par _________________________, referred to as ENGINEER, and _________________________, referred to as STATION, agree: 
\par 
\par ENGINEER shall perform the following services for STATION: 
\par ____________________________________________________________ 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
The ENGINEER shall be paid a flat fee of $ ____ (___________________ & _____/100 dollars) for the services described herein, plus parts. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par Hours in excess of daily, or after ________________ or before ___________________, shall be compensated at a rate of ______________% percent of the regular rate. 
\par 
\par Payment shall be due as follows: 
\par _______________________________________  
\par 
\par Interest at the rate of _________ percent shall be due per month which any invoice is outstanding beyond the terms stated herein. 
\par 
\par The ENGINEER warranties that work performed shall meet Federal Communications Commission regulations and shall constitute good workmanship. 
\par 
\par ***NO WARRANTY is provided on parts, except for any warranty which
\par may be provided by the manufacturer or distributor of the product.*** 
\par 
\par STATION grants to ENGINEER a mechanic\rquote s lien upon any and all equipment or other tangible goods entrusted to ENGINEER to secure the prompt payment of all sums due from the STATION to the ENGINEER. In addition, EN
GINEER is granted a security interest in any equipment which charges related to the installation, sale, repair or maintenance of the same are due until the same are paid.
\par 
\par In the event of a failure to pay when due, and upon fifteen (15) days written notice
 of an intention to do so, which the parties agree shall be considered reasonable notice, ENGINEER may offer for public or prior sale equipment subject to the lien granted herein. In the event that the proceeds of the sale are insufficient to pay the sums
 due, then the STATION shall be responsible to ENGINEER for any deficiency balance. 
\par 
\par STATION appoints ENGINEER as its attorney in fact to execute a financing statement or other notices or documents necessary or deemed necessary by STATION to perfect its lien provided for herein. 
\par 
\par STATION agrees to pay all costs of collection and reasonable attorneys fees incurred by ENGINEER in the collection of sums due hereunder. 
\par 
\par Any disputes related to or arising out of this agreement shall be resolved by binding arbitration, before a single arbiter, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. 
\par 
\par Dated: __________________________ 
\par 
\par 
\par ______________________________________________________ 
\par _________________________________ By Engineer
\par 
\par 
\par ______________________________________________________ 
\par _________________________ By Station
\par                            
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Engineering Service Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to inform you about this document in questi
on and assist you in its preparation.  This Engineering Agreement can be adapted to most technical jobs done in the Engineering area that relate to media production such as software development and the like.
  If an Engineer or small Engineering firm, use this document to firm up details before doing an engagement, to assure payment and proper collection if payment is not made.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 1.  Make multiple copies.  Give one to the Engineer or their firm; one for the specific file; keep one in the corporate files.
\par }}