{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f39\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid-1200313982\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid268750298\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-420\li780\jclisttab\tx780 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }{\listname ;}\listid451442981}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid451442981\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title Studio Use Agreement}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}
{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo9\dy17\hr15\min5}{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy17\hr15\min5}{\version2}{\edmins7}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords687}{\nofchars3918}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}{\nofcharsws4811}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 
Studio Use Agreement
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par ___________________________, referred to as STUDIO and _______________________, referred to as USER, agree: 
\par 
\par __________________________________ shall rent the following studio time from STUDIO: 
\par __________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par Times stated must be strictly followed. STUDIO may require USER to vacate the studio at the expiration of time stated. 
\par 
\par USER shall pay to STUDIO a fee of $ _____ (_____________________ & _____/100 dollars) per hour of studio time use, with a minimum of hours. 
\par 
\par USER shall pay to STUDIO a fee of $ _____ (_____________________ & _____/100 dollars) per session, which shall be no more than ___________ hours. 
\par 
\par A charge of $ _____   (_____ ________________& ____/100 dollars) shall apply per __________________ of use beyond the amount reserved. 
\par 
\par A studio technician is available upon advanced notice, at a charge of $ ______ (____________________ & ______/100 dollars) per __________________________.  In the event that a request is made for additional time, the STUDIO shall not be required
 to provide a studio technician. In the event that a technician is available, but additional work would require overtime payment, such overtime shall be paid by USER. 
\par 
\par The studio rental fee shall not include consumable supplies such as recording tape, splicing tape or boxes. 
\par 
\par USER shall be strictly responsible for any breakage occurring during recording sessions and shall reimburse STUDIO for items broken or damaged. 
\par 
\par USER acknowledges a lien in favor of STUDIO upon all master recordings, dubs, mix-downs and work parts created during User\rquote s recordings to secure payment of 
any and all charges due to the STUDIO whether the same is for the specific recording liened. 
\par 
\par Unless otherwise requested and agreed to in writing, the STUDIO ________________ store master tapes or copies thereof. STUDIO shall not be required to retain master tapes for any specific period unless the same is expressly agreed upon in writing. 
\par 
\par READ CAREFULLY: ***THE STUDIO shall NOT be liable for incidental or consequential damages such as loss of profit in the event that it fails to properly record or other
wise breaches its contractual obligations herein.*** ***THE SOLE REMEDY of USER in the event of a failure to record, whether related to quality or any other reason by STUDIO shall be a refund of charges incurred, or, at the option of USER, a credit allowi
ng the use of the STUDIO for an equivalent time.*** In the event of a refund, USER shall either permit STUDIO to destroy all master tapes and all copies, whether made by USER or by STUDIO, or shall return all master tapes and copies thereof to STUDIO. 

\par 
\par USER shall not disclose the name of the STUDIO in connection with the recordings, however distributed, without the prior approval of STUDIO, in writing. 
\par 
\par USER agrees to indemnify STUDIO from any claims of copyright infringement or other liability related to intellectual property on recordings created by STUDIO at User\rquote s direction. 
\par 
\par If at the request of USER, any third party talent is used, USER shall be responsible for any fees associated with the same and further, USER shall indemnify STUDIO from any claims for personal injury related to such third party talent. 
\par 
\par In the event that the reserved time is not used by the USER the minimum fee stated shall be earned by the STUDIO as liquidated damages for the preparation and loss of use caused by the cancellation. 
\par 
\par This is the entire agreement of the parties, and the same may only be modified or terminated in a writing executed by all parties. 
\par 
\par Dated: _____________________ 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ____________________________________________ 
\par For _______________________________ By User
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ___________________________________________ 
\par For __________________________________ By Studio
\par                          
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Studio Use Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  This Studio Use Agreement can be used for any short-term rental of space, especially that space that involves using other people\rquote 
s equipment, that are renting the space.  Studio owners should get signature to this to assure payment and collection of any payments not made.  Advanced payment is strongly recommended for nonbusiness pe
ople renting this kind of equipment and space.  A substantial deposit is recommended for most businesses as well.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 1.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-420\li780\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx780\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin780\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
Make multiple copies.  Have one given to each signer, with the parties retaining copies for their project and corporate files.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 2.\tab}Studios can use a copy o
f the signed contract to show others that this is standard and usual for them, should this step be helpful and/or necessary.  If it is, be sure to get the money up front.
\par }}