{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f132\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f133\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f135\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f136\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f137\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f138\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f139\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f141\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f145\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f146\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f147\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-1458247190\listhybrid{\listlevel
\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-808934796\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-390\li750\jclisttab\tx750 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }
{\listname ;}\listid171921632}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid171921632\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title Debt Settlement Letter, from Creditor}{\author Deaver  Brown}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo9\dy2\hr2\min49}
{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy2\hr3\min22}{\version3}{\edmins30}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords658}{\nofchars3756}{\*\company Simply Media, Inc.}{\nofcharsws4612}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow0
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl\oldas \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Debt Settlement Letter, from Debtor
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs22\ul 
\par }{\f1\fs22 Date:
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 Settlement Talks Only
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par Name of Creditor (Person to Whom Debt is Owed)
\par Address: 
\par 
\par Dear Sir or Madam:
\par 
\par I refer to our recent discussion, pursuant to which we disputed the amount being claimed by you in relation to our alleged outstanding balance or bill with you.   
\par 
\par You offered to settle the matter in full for $ ___________, of an originally claimed amount
 of $ ____________.   In addition, you also agreed to acknowledge that this settlement would extinguish any debt we owed you as of the date of your receipt of that sum.   
\par 
\par We have not received your confirming offer to do this in writing.  Please forward it at your earliest convenience.
\par 
\par By accepting such payment, you are deemed to have accepted the same in full satisfaction of such obligation, and we will accordingly be able to rely on that representation and consider the debt to be satisfied in full.
\par 
\par Our
 discussion above does not prejudice any rights we may have against you for the various reasons outlined to you before and others not discussed yet.  In addition, this settlement discussion is done in good faith and therefore does not prejudice our rights
.
\par 
\par Best regards,
\par 
\par _____________
\par Debtor (s)
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Debt Settlement Letter, Debtor
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to info
rm you about the document in question and assist you in its preparation.  Early efforts to settle a debt, especially with an offer of a 100% payout of the reduced sum, often result in big savings for the debtor as well as extinguishing a nasty dispute.  T
h
e challenge is to avoid being trapped by sending in money in settlement that the debtor then claims is only for balance reduction.  The way to avoid this is to require a clear settlement offer from the creditor prior to tendering the money.  Also, you are
 always on stronger ground if they draft the agreement because they then have more of the burden of proof on them, as the drafter, than you do, as well as they are more comfortable, as a rule, with their own documents.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par Debt reduction negotiations depend largely, as in most negotiations, on how strong the other side\rquote 
s hand is.  If they have good security, you cannot do much but you usually can do 10% to 20%.  If they have no security, and are concerned about you as a credit risk, they may be willing to take a discount of 25% to 50%, or more.  The other factor in the 
equation is \'93when\'94
 to make your pitch for a reduced offer.  Generally the company credit people themselves are unwilling to do this though they will turn it over, often, to contingency credit people who will take a third off whatever is collected plus offer you a reduced a
mount.
\par 
\par In our experience, you can try with the original holder but remember you will get another crack at it with the collection people they assign the case to.
  As with all negotiations, it is a matter of how good you are at it and your ability to settle at a reasonable number for them as well as yourself.
\par 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 1.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-390\li750\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx750\nooverflow\faroman\ls1\rin0\lin750\itap0 {\f1\fs22 The term \'93settlement talks only\'94 
has a specific meaning to most lawyers and collection people.  Courts like settlement talks.  If you say this is for Settlement Talks Only, most courts will not want to review the letter and, most importantly, not let the other side abuse you with it,
 if it comes down to trial.  This is as much a custom as a legal fact or theory; therefore, you cannot rely on it absolutely but it should be at least somewhat helpful.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 2.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-390\li750\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx750\nooverflow\faroman\ls1\rin0\lin750\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
The other language is constructed so you do not get trapped into paying the settlement amount and then be dunned for the balance.  The best way to achieve this is to get them to send you the offer themselves.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 3.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-390\li750\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx750\nooverflow\faroman\ls1\rin0\lin750\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
Many collection people try to whip up emotions to get you going and embarrass you into paying.  This is a business for them.  If they use this approach, it is only a tactic.  Do not be put off.  Don\rquote 
t argue.  Just be firm about what you can and cannot do.  In this case, being weak is to come out better (that is, with a lower settlement percentage).  Remember, they get paid on commission, as a rule, unless you are dealing with in-house
 people (and even then many do), so time is money for them.  Interestingly, there is more pressure on them to go down to the final limit of their discount authority\emdash than there is for you.  If you gauge
 this correctly, you can estimate pretty well when they get there.  Then you need to take the offer, if you can, and pay it.  See our }{\f1\fs22\ul Negotiation Handbook}{\f1\fs22  disc, with various role playing scenarios and text, for 
more information on how to deal with negotiations\emdash an always challenging subject!
\par }}