{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f132\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f133\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f135\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f136\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f137\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f138\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f139\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f141\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f145\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f146\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f147\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}}{\info{\title Guarantee, Termination}{\author Deaver  Brown}
{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo9\dy15\hr16\min51}{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy15\hr17\min5}{\version2}{\edmins14}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords123}{\nofchars704}{\*\company Simply Media, Inc.}{\nofcharsws864}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl\oldas \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Guarantee, Termination

\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par To:                    (Holder of Guarantee)
\par 
\par Dear ____________:
\par 
\par 
\par This notifies you formally of our termination of our Guarantee, effective immediately, related to our Guarantee, a copy of which is enclosed, and was given to you by us pursuant to which we guaranteed the ongoing obligations of __________________ (Name). 

\par 
\par Please accept this letter as formal notification to you that I am terminating all future obligations under the Guarantee effective as today\rquote s date, under this Guarantee and any other (s) you may be holding relating to this matter.
\par 
\par This termination notice is given to you in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
\par Guarantee.
\par 
\par Yours very truly,
\par 
\par 
\par _______________\tab \tab \tab Date: _________________\line Maker of Guarantee
\par 
\par cc Person or Entity whose obligations were guaranteed.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\page }{\f1\fs22 Exhibit 1:  Copy of Guarantee
\par \page }{\f1\fs28 Guarantee, Termination
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to in
form you about the document in question and assist you in its preparation.  Terminating your guarantee only limits your liabilities from the date received by the party who has your guarantee.  Therefore, you must send it by registered mail, by courier wit
h signature required, or by a recognized overnight delivery service by a firm such as FedEx.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par You 
should only take this action if you believe the party whose debt you are guaranteeing will continue to make payments against the guarantee outstanding and the party holding the guarantee will not just use this to call the debt and therefore put you back i
n the same place you were before, except matters may be even worse now if you have triggered a default on the matter.
\par 
\par These terminations are usually used by principals in businesses who no longer have those roles and whose guarantees were secondary, or good faith, guarantees of the debts in question.   In these instances, the Termination 
can be very helpful over the long term to extricate you from these contingent liabilities.  I have made use of this approach effectively in the past when selling a business or transferring management roles to another party.
\par 
\par The key cautionary note is to avoid taking this action if you believe it will trigger a default which, in turn, will weaken the original party and put your guarantee front and center for collection by the holder of your guarantee.  Watch out for this boom
erang problem. 
\par }}