{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1636452744\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1919057736\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}
\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-510\li870\jclisttab\tx870 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers
\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers
\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers
\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers
\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers
\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers
\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers
\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers
\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }{\listname ;}\listid495657863}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid495657863\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info
{\title Cancellation of Membership, Subscription, or Other Such Item}{\author Deaver  Brown}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo9\dy5\hr7\min45}{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy5\hr9\min51}{\version5}{\edmins117}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords122}{\nofchars699}
{\*\company Simply Media, Inc.}{\nofcharsws858}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl\oldas 
\fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par 
\par Cancellation of Membership, Subscription, to Supplier
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par Name on Agreement:
\par Agreement Number, if any:
\par Date of Expiration:
\par 
\par Date:  
\par 
\par Dear Sir or Madam:
\par 
\par Please cancel my ________________ (Membership or Subscription) effective immediately.   Please be sure t
o cancel any debits or other automatic charges to any of my accounts.  Please check this carefully and send me confirmation of your actions so we both know it has been completed.
\par 
\par Please refund the full amount of my remaining balance.
\par Please contact me immediately if you have any questions or need more information.
\par Thank you for your prompt cooperation in this matter.
\par Best regards,
\par ____________
\par Writer
\par }{\f1\fs22 
\par Enc. (if you have them)
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 cc Credit Card or Bank \page }{\f1\fs28 Cancellation of Membership, Subscription, or Other Such Item}{\f1\fs28 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx2592\tx2880\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 Review List
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par This review list is provided to inform you about the document in question and assist you in its preparation.  Cancellations should be done by letter promptly.  You should always request refunds, even if you suspect you do not qualify for o
ne.  You may get a surprise check in the mail!  Be sure your letter to the credit card or Bank company accompanies this correspondence to the supplier.  It will increase your chances of getting both parties to take proper and prompt action in your favor.

\par 
\par Especially important:  be sure any automatic debits to your bank account or charges to your credit card are canceled.  To implement this effectively, and set up the proper procedure for your family, always in
clude a copy to the Credit Card Company or Bank of this Cancellation of Membership, Subscription, to Supplier, with a notice to the Credit Card or Bank, to terminate automatic charges.  
\par 
\par Credit Card companies and Banks are not especially prompt at impleme
nting these cancellations nor are suppliers very prompt in ceasing to do these activities.  So, you must carefully inspect incoming Credit Card and Bank statements to be sure these chargeback activities have ceased.  This is especially a problem with Bank
s
 than have gone through recent mergers and/or consolidations.  It took me, for example, 5 months to eliminate a wrongful debit from a health club to our Bank.  The health club, in good faith tried to put the transfer correction through, as did the Bank; n
either succeeded for 5 months.  }{\f1\fs22\ul 
\par 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 1.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-450\li450\ri0\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx450\tx720\nooverflow\faroman\ls1\rin0\lin450\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
A housekeeping suggestion is to keep a record of your subscriptions and memberships in a separate file area.  You do not necessarily need separate folders for small issues.  However, it is helpful in the long run if you hav
e one or more disputes or cancellations you are trying to effect.  As Lenin once said, \'93Sometimes you have to take one step backwards to go two steps forward.\'94  Filing is like that!
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx432\tx720\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \fi-450\li450\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx432\tx720\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin450\itap0 {\f1\fs22 2.     Organizations are strongly influenced by the appearance of your do
cuments as we have said in other areas of this Guide.  Clearly typed letters accompanied by copies of original documents tend to influence them strongly in your favor to give you what you want since organized people, as they know, are more apt to be persi
stent.  Be guided accordingly in your collecting data to accompany cancellations and other communications, as well as in your setting up file procedures.  Tip on setting up these files:  Don\rquote t overextend yourself and try to reconstruct
 data from the past.  Just start with new items and collect that information going forward.  You can add copies of Credit Card or Bank statements showing the transmittal data to these files, even if you don\rquote 
t have the original paperwork.  Be guided by the idea that some organization is better than none, and that within a few years you should have most of it in order.  
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }}