{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 List;}{\s16\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Title;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text;}}{\info
{\title AGREEMENT FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VESSEL}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy1\hr11\min45}{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy1\hr11\min45}{\version2}{\edmins7}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords989}{\nofchars5640}
{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}{\nofcharsws6926}{\vern8247}}\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s16\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 Construction of a Boat or Vessel Agreement
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 ___________________, referred to as OWNER, and _____________________, referred to as CONTRACTOR, agree:
\par 
\par OWNER herewith hires CONTRACTOR to construct a vessel in accordance with plans and specifications referred to herein.
\par 
\par The vessel shall be constructed in a first class fashion, using highest-grade materials, in accordance with the plans and specifications 
of ________________________. Said plans and specifications are attached hereto as Exhibit 1. CONTRACTOR warrants that it has had sufficient time to fully and completely review the plans and specifications.
\par 
\par In the event that CONTRACTOR reasonably requires any additional marine engineering or marine architecture services such services shall be provided upon request by CONTRACTOR to OWNER, at the OWNER\rquote s expense.
\par 
\par CONTRACTOR shall receive a fixed price for the construction of the vessel totaling $__________ (______________________________________ & _____/100 dollars). Said sum shall be paid as follows: 
\par First installment- __________% of the fixed price, due within ten days of the execution of this agreement;
\par Second installment- ____________% of the fixed price, due at the earliest of:
\par (a)\tab the laying of the keel;
\par (b)\tab the beginning of hull assembly.
\par Third installment- _____________% of the fixed price, due at the time of launching the vessel.
\par 
\par Any changes or alterations in the plans or specifications shall be by written change order executed by both parties. In the event of any change order, the contract price shall be adjusted accordingly.
\par 
\par OWNER grants to CONTRACTOR an express lien upon the vessel and any materials held by the CONTRACTOR for the job. In the even
t that the OWNER fails to pay as agreed, upon 30 days notice the CONTRACTOR shall be entitled to sell the vessel in such condition as it may be and apply the proceeds to the unpaid and due amounts at either private or public sale. In the event that such s
ales proceeds are insufficient to pay all sums due by the OWNER to the CONTRACTOR, OWNER shall be responsible for the payment of such deficiency to the CONTRACTOR.
\par 
\par Any sums unpaid for any reason under this agreement shall bear interest at the highest legal
 rate.  All remaining sums due shall be paid on final completion of any punch list items as certified in good faith by ________________________, or an independent marine surveyor. The cost of such independent survey shall be borne by the OWNER.
\par 
\par The vessel shall be completed on or before ___________________, time being of the essence.  CONTRACTOR shall be entitled to an extension of time to complete the vessel in the event of the following events:
\par (a)\tab labor action;
\par (b)\tab failure of delivery of necessary components from third parties, provided that due diligence has been exercised by the CONTRACTOR in the ordering of the materials;
\par (c)\tab force majure or act of god.
\par 
\par Upon delivery, the CONTRACTOR shall provide an affidavit of payments of all potential marine or other lienors, suppliers and workmen.
\par 
\par At the request of the OWNER, the CONTRACTOR shall provide no lien affidavits and proof of payment of all suppliers, workers and other persons entitled to liens.
\par 
\par The OWNER may cancel this agreement upon 10 days written notice.  The vessel herein being custom made goods, it is agreed that in the event of cancellation by the OWNER other than for cause, the CONTRACTOR would suffer damages that will be difficult or im
possible of measurement. Accordingly, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, the OWNER shall pay a cancellation charge equal to:
\par (a)\tab all progress payments due at the time of cancellation but not yet paid;
\par (b)\tab the costs of any materials not yet incorporated into the vessel, which cannot be returned, or, if returnable, any restocking and freight charges;
\par (c)\tab a cancellation charge equal to _____________ per cent of the contract price.
\par 
\par Upon such payment, OWNER shall be entitled to the vessel in the condition in which it is at the plant of the CONTRACTOR, at the OWNER\rquote s expense of removal and freight.
\par 
\par OWNER shall be entitled to cancel this agreement for cause only upon the following terms:
\par (a)\tab that the OWNER shall provide a written notice of default to the CONTRACTOR specifying in such detail as is possible the nature of the default;
\par (b)\tab that a cure period of ten days is provided.
\par 
\par In the event of a multiple default as to the same deficiency, the cure period shall be shortened to 5 days. After the service of
 a multiple default notice as to a single issue, CONTRACTOR shall be required to provide adequate assurance of future workmanlike and timely performance. OWNER shall be entitled to cancellation without a cure period in the event of multiple defaults and t
he CONTRACTOR does not provide adequate assurance of future workmanlike and timely performance, or, alternatively fails to comply with any assurances, which are made.
\par 
\par CONTRACTOR shall maintain at all times when the vessel is in CONTRACTOR\rquote s custody insurance for physical damage to the vessel and for any other liability, which
 may inure to the OWNER. Upon request of the OWNER, the CONTRACTOR shall provide proof of such coverage to OWNER.
\par 
\par OWNER, and OWNER\rquote s representative shall be entitled to inspect the work in progress at any reasonable time.
\par 
\par CONTRACTOR shall provide to OWNER any warranties or guarantees which may be available for materials incorporated into the vessel. In addition, CONTRACTOR warranties that the vessel has been built to the specifications p
rovided by the OWNER.  CONTRACTOR shall provide a guarantee of months following delivery. OWNER shall if possible give notice to the CONTRACTOR of any claimed material or construction defects. CONTRACTOR shall have the option of performing such work which
 may be necessary to correct the deficiencies, or, reimburse owner for the reasonable fair market value of any needed repairs. CONTRACTOR shall notify the OWNER of its election as soon as is possible.
\par Any disputes under this agreement shall be submitted to
 arbitration with a single arbiter under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbiter need not be an attorney or professional adjudicator, but may be a person with experience and training in marine engineering and marine architecture.

\par This is the entire agreement between the parties and may only be altered by a writing executed by both parties hereto.
\par 
\par Dated: ________________
\par 
\par  ________________________________
\par  ___________________ By Contractor
\par 
\par 
\par  ________________________________
\par  _____________________ By Owner
\par 
\par \page Exhibit One
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28  Construction of a Boat or Vessel Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  This agreement can be adapted for other boat or similar construction projects.

\par 
\par 1.  Make multiple copies.  Give one original to each party.
\par }}