{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f43\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 
Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}}{\info{\title Credit Card Lost, Proper Notice}
{\author Deaver  Brown}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo9\dy5\hr20\min57}{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy5\hr21\min11}{\version2}{\edmins14}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords284}{\nofchars1624}{\*\company Simply Media, Inc.}{\nofcharsws1994}{\vern8247}}
\margl1440\margr1296 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow0
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl\oldas \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Credit Card Lost, Proper Notice
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22 Credit Card Number:
\par Expiration Date:
\par Exact name on Credit Card:
\par Last known use or possession or use of card:
\par 
\par Date:
\par 
\par Dear Sir or Madam:
\par 
\par This is to inform you promptly that my credit card has been stolen or reported lost.
\par 
\par The pertinent details are listed above.  If you would like a fuller explanation, please contact me by phone at the number on this letterhead.
\par 
\par My apologies in advance for the inadvertent trouble this problem may give you,
\par 
\par With best regards,
\par 
\par 
\par _______________
\par Credit Card Holder
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Credit Card Lost, Proper Notice
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par 
\par This review list is provided to inform you about the document in question and assist you in its preparation.  This document is used to give written notice to a credit card issuer that a card is missing.  This is especially important if a D
ebit Card, because in that instance there is usually no upper limit on your losses.  In the case of a normal credit card, you can be charged no more than $50, and most banks waive even this fee if you act reasonable and in good faith.
\par 
\par The main purpose of prompt behavior is to protect the credit card company\rquote 
s interest and keep your own credit in good standing by reacting promptly.  The best step is to call the credit card company first; request an address to send a formal letter; the
n send this letter immediately.  End of story, other than to keep a record so when the next credit card comes you can dispute any unauthorized charges.
\par 
\par In a bad situation, bad charges may persist for months.  You simply must dispute each and every statement, being clear about the unauthorized charges.  You should also take steps to inform any regular chargers to your account, s
uch as newspapers, health club, and other such regular charges, of the new credit card or bank account that will be used in the place of the no longer lost credit card.  Unfortunately, much burden rests upon you to rectify the impact of the lost card.  Ju
st do it.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par .
\par 
\par 
\par }}