{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f43\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 
Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{
\s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}}{\info{\title Reservation Letter}{\author Deaver  Brown}{\operator Deaver  Brown}
{\creatim\yr2001\mo9\dy5\hr10\min39}{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy5\hr10\min51}{\version2}{\edmins12}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords312}{\nofchars1782}{\*\company Simply Media, Inc.}{\nofcharsws2188}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120
\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl\oldas \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Reservation Letter
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par Date:
\par 
\par Dear Sir or Madam:
\par 
\par Please reserve a ____________________ for me on __________________ (Date).
\par 
\par Please charge my credit card for the initial deposit required:
\par 
\par Credit Card Number:
\par Exact Name on Card:
\par Expiration Date:
\par 
\par Please give me any discounts my early reservation permits to be granted.  If there are other options that might be of benefit, please let me know them as soon as possible.
\par 
\par Thank you for your prompt assistance and please confirm receipt of this letter and implementation of my request.
\par 
\par Best regards,
\par 
\par ________________
\par Writer
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Reservation Letter
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  Reservation letters can be powerful tools to get better service and results from the provider on the other end.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par Direct reservations to the other party often saves them fees, as they often must pay to an 800 service or a third party\rquote s website.  This is a subtle but important way to save money.  Many individual hotel owners
, for example, must pay higher management fees
 to the umbrella organization, such as Marriott or Holiday Inn, if they take a reservation through their 800 service as opposed to direct contact.  This circumstance means you can often negotiate better rates on a direct to individual hote
l basis or, at a minimum, get an upgraded room for their cost savings.
\par 
\par The more information you have to make a more specific
 request, the better chance of getting what you want.  This includes such things as size of room, number of beds, view, and other amenities.  You can request extra services like towels, toilet articles, and a free breakfast. The worst that will happen is 
you won\rquote t get it.  The best is you get all or some of it.
\par 
\par For faster turnaround time, provide an email or fax number for return correspondence.  Fax is nice because you have original documents.  Email is usually faster, though.
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs22\ul Final tip}{\f1\fs22 :  If you think the correspondence will have a few \'93back and forths,\'94 use the email format because this won\rquote t be as burdensome for them.  If you don\rquote 
t have their email address, request it in this first letter to them.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }}