{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f43\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1038404324\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }{\listname ;}\listid802385648}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid802385648\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title Escrow Agreement & Instructions}
{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy21\hr11\min45}{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy21\hr11\min45}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords643}{\nofchars3670}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}{\nofcharsws4507}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 
Escrow Agreement & Instructions
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par _________________ and _____________, referred to herein as \'93PRINCIPALS\'94 herewith request that _______________________, referred to herein as \'93ESCROW AGENT\'94 
establish an escrow of the following described items, and dispose of them as is provided herein.
\par 
\par PRINCIPALS herewith deliver the following items to be held by ESCROW AGENT:
\par _________________________________
\par 
\par Any cash funds or cash proceeds shall be deposi
ted by the ESCROW AGENT in an interest bearing account, in institutions which are federally insured for deposits in the amount of the ESCROW, or in direct obligations of the United States of America, including treasury bills or notes with maturity dates c
oinciding with any distributions to be made hereunder. In the event that non-cash items are deposited, the ESCROW AGENT shall maintain such items in the condition in which they were received.
\par 
\par ESCROW agent shall release the funds and items upon the receipt of instructions from seller, reciting the following:
\par ____________________________________________________________
\par 
\par as follows:
\par _____________________________________________________________
\par 
\par said instructions shall be sworn or provided under penalties of perjury.
\par 
\par In the event that instructions are not received on ________, 20__, ESCROW agent shall close the escrow and return the amounts to the parties depositing or providing them originally, and shall then be absolutely discharged.
\par 
\par Upon receipt of such ins
tructions and complying with the same, ESCROW agent shall be discharged as to the amounts so paid. ESCROW agent shall be absolutely discharged upon such payment and may rely solely and totally upon such certifications. ESCROW agent shall not be required t
o make any independent verification of the correctness of any instructions or the occurrence of any required conditions precedent and shall rely solely on certifications received as provided herein.
\par 
\par In the event of the receipt of conflicting instructions p
rior to discharge of the ESCROW agent, ESCROW AGENT shall commence an arbitration before a single arbitrator acceptable to ESCROW AGENT under the rules of the American Arbitration Association, whose decision shall be final. Upon receipt of a final decisio
n from the arbitrator, the ESCROW AGENT shall comply therewith and upon such compliance shall be discharged from all further liability. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, and may be reduced to judgment by any party hereto or the escrow agent.

\par 
\par PRINCIPALS shall indemnify ESCROW AGENT for all actions taken in compliance with this agreement.
\par 
\par The PRINCIPALS shall reimburse the ESCROW AGENT for expenses incurred herein as follows:
\par ___________________________________________________________
\par 
\par ESCROW agent shall receive compensation for its services as follows:
\par ___________________________________________________________
\par 
\par This is the entire agreement between PRINCIPALS and ESCROW AGENT.  ESCROW AGENT is solely acting as a neutral stakeholder and the PRINCIPALS agree that there are no intended third party beneficiaries or parties other than PRINCIPALS to this agreement.

\par 
\par All notices herein shall be served as follows:
\par 
\par TO ESCROW AGENT:
\par ______________________________
\par ______________________________
\par 
\par TO PRINCIPALS:
\par ______________________________
\par ______________________________
\par 
\par All notices herein shall be sent by certified mail, o
r by overnight delivery service providing a receipt. Notices sent by certified mail shall be deemed received within one working day after first notice to the recipient for pick up, or when received, whichever is earlier. Notices sent by overnight delivery
 service shall be deemed received the next business day.
\par 
\par Dated: ____________________________
\par 
\par PRINCIPALS:
\par ______________________________________________________
\par 
\par ESCROW AGENT:
\par ______________________________________________________
\par              
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Escrow Agreement & Instructions
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  This document is extremely useful in insuring that all paperwork and deal details are implemented appropriatel
y by the parties, and the Escrow Agent in particular.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 1.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f1\fs22 Make multiple copies.  Give one to each signatory.  Keep one with the transaction file.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 2.\tab}Review the document carefully to be sure all your deal points are covered in this document\emdash which is the operating document for closing and fund disbursement.
\par }}