{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\info
{\title Facility or Stadium Advertising Agreement}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy2\hr10\min35}{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy2\hr10\min35}{\version2}{\edmins3}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords571}{\nofchars3259}
{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}{\nofcharsws4002}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 Facility or Stadium Advertising Agreement
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 ___________________________, referred to as ADVERTISER, and ___________________________, referred to as FACILITY, agree:
\par 
\par ADVERTISER hereby purchases the right to displ
ay an advertisement of the following size: ___________________________ located at: _________________________________________ during the following events: ______________________________, commencing on _______________________ and ending on _________________
_____.
\par 
\par In the event that events other than those provided for above occur in facility, FACILITY may at its sole expense, remove ADVERTISERS sign, provided that FACILITY shall restore the display of ADVERTISER prior to the next event contracted for by adver
tiser. ADVERTISER herewith permits FACILITY, at its option, to display ADVERTISER\rquote s message during any events not provided for herein. No extra fee shall be due for such displays.
\par 
\par ADVERTISER shall at its expense employ workmen to install such sign, which 
workmen shall be acceptable to FACILITY.  ADVERTISER shall provide copy to be used for the sign in advance which must be approved by FACILITY. ADVERTISER shall install the sign with methods approved by the FACILITY. ADVERTISER and the workmen shall be joi
ntly and severally liable for any damages to the facility caused by their installation.
\par 
\par Installation shall be scheduled by ADVERTISER as soon as possible and shall occur no later than _______________________ and shall be scheduled at times which shall not 
disrupt events occurring in the FACILITY. In the event that ADVERTISER fails to provide timely copy, FACILITY shall not be required to make any rebate or refund of charges herein.
\par 
\par The ADVERTISER shall be permitted to make no more than _____________________ changes in copy, which copy shall be changed in the same manner as the initial installation provided herein.
\par 
\par Unless specifically stated herein, ADVERTISER is not guaranteed exclusivity within its product or service lines and FACILITY may accept advertising or engage in promotions with competitive products and services.
\par 
\par ADVERTISER shall pay a fee of $______________ (___________________________________ & _____/100 dollars) for the display plus any applicable sales or services taxation, in advance. Lightin
g or electricity shall not be provided unless specifically stated herein and upon payment of an additional fee for the same.  Said sum shall be earned by the FACILITY upon payment.
\par 
\par ADVERTISER shall not be entitled to any rebate or adjustment in the event that any events scheduled is postponed or canceled; except in the event of total cancellation of the events provided for in this agreement.
\par 
\par ADVERTISER warrants and represents to FACILITY that:
\par the copy herein is for a legal and lawful product or service;
\par the ADVERTISER has the right to display all of the marks and other messages stated herein; 
\par and ADVERTISER shall indemnify and hold FACILITY harmless from any claims related to the display of the message.
\par 
\par Upon request and payment of the charges therefore, FACILITY will cover the display for such time periods at the ADVERTISER may request.
\par 
\par This agreement is personal to the ADVERTISER and may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the FACILITY.
\par 
\par This is the entire agreement between the parties and the same may only be changed by a writing executed by both parties hereto.
\par 
\par Dated: __________________________
\par 
\par For ___________________________:
\par 
\par _______________________________________ By Facility Owner
\par 
\par For __________________________:
\par _______________________________________ By Advertiser
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Facility or Stadium Advertising Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  Facil
ity advertising can make the difference between profit and loss.  Be sure to make the most of any facility you have, if an opportunity arises.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 1.  Make multiple copies.  Give one to each signing party.
\par }}