{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 List;}{\s16\ql \fi-1080\li1080\ri0\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrb
\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \faauto\rin0\lin1080\itap0 \shading2000 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Message Header;}{\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Title;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 Body Text;}{
\s19\ql \li360\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Body Text 2;}{\s20\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 Body Text 2;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-1229584826\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0
{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }{\listname ;}\listid466123833}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid466123833
\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title Offer to Purchase Real Estate}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy21\hr12\min1}{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy21\hr12\min1}{\version2}{\edmins8}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1041}
{\nofchars5938}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}{\nofcharsws7292}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 Offer to Purchase Real Estate
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par To:  ____________, ______________, _____________, ________________ 
\par 
\par 
\par _________________, referred to herein as BUYER, offers to purchase the following described real estate from ____________, referred to herein as SELLER, upon the terms and conditions stated herein. 
\par 
\par This offer shall expire unless accepted by 5:00 p.m. on ____ ________. SELLER shall signify acceptance by executing the attached form of acceptance. 
\par 
\par The gross purchase price shall be $ ________ (___________ &___/100 dollars). The legal description of the property is: 
\par _________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par To be paid upon the following terms: 
\par 
\par $ _____(______________ &___/100 Dollars), to be paid at closing. 
\par 
\par 
\par The buyer shall assume and agree to pay the following existing mortgages upon the property. The unpaid principal balance of these mortgages shall be a credit towards the purchase price: 
\par _____________________________________________________________
\par 
\par At least 5 business days before closing, SELLER shall provide to BUYER estoppel letters providing the balance, assumability and current good standing of the above stated mortgage(s). 
\par 
\par The BUYER shall execute a new purchase money mortgage to SELLER, in the principal amount of $________, (___________________ &___/100 dollars) payable as follows: 
\par Interest at the rate of: __ percent Payment schedule: _______ 
\par 
\par Said mortgage shall have the following priority: 
\par _____________________________________________________________
\par 
\par This offer is conditioned upon BUYER obtaining loan approval at least __ days prior to closing of this transaction, of a mortgage loan as follows: 
\par 
\par Principal amount: $______ (____________________ &___/100 Dollars) 
\par Loan term: ____________ 
\par Maximum interest rate as APR under regulation Z: ____ percent 
\par Maximum points to be paid by BUYER: ____
\par Maximum application fee: $____
\par 
\par BUYER shall make a mortgage loan application within 3 working days of the acceptance of this offer, and should the BUYER\rquote s loan application be denied, the BUYER shall have the option, within 2 business days to rescind this t
ransaction. If BUYER elects to rescind the transaction, BUYER shall receive any deposits made from SELLER. 
\par 
\par The closing will be held within ____ days of the acceptance of this offer to the SELLER, but in no event in less than 20 days from the notice. The 
SELLER shall convey to the owner by warranty deed the property herein, and the title thereto shall be merchantable. Within 30 days of acceptance, the SELLER shall provide a binder for title insurance in the principal amount of the purchase price. The titl
e shall be free and clear of any encumbrances other than those, if any, to be assumed by the BUYER at closing. Should any defects be in the title, the SELLER shall have 60 days to clear the same. If the SELLER is unable to do so, BUYER shall have the opti
on of closing or rescinding this contract. Should BUYER rescind the contract, then the SELLER shall refund as liquidated damages, and not a penalty, the funds paid for the option to BUYER.  
\par 
\par The BUYER may at its expense obtain a current survey of the pro
perty. Should the survey indicate encroachments, then the SELLER shall remedy the same within 60 days. Should SELLER fail to clear such encroachments, then the BUYER shall have the option of closing or rescinding this contract. Should BUYER rescind the co
ntract, then the SELLER shall refund as liquidated damages, and not a penalty, the funds paid for the option to BUYER. 
\par 
\par The SELLER shall maintain the property and all improvements in the same condition as that which exists on the date of acceptance of this agreement, and shall deliver the same to the BUYER in the same condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted. 
\par 
\par At closing, SELLER shall provide a report from a licensed entomologist certifying the absence of termites and other wood destroying organisms. Sho
uld the report show the active presence of any wood destroying organisms, and the BUYER shall have the following options: 
\par a) if the damage and cost of treatment is less than 10% of the purchase price, the BUYER may withhold this sum and close, and the same shall be a credit on the sums due at closing; 
\par b) if the damage exceeds 10% the BUYER may agree to an extension of closing for 90 days to allow SELLER to repair the same at its expense, or, the BUYER may refuse to close, and shall have the sums paid for the option fully refunded by SELLER. 
\par 
\par During the period between exercise of the option by the buyer and the closing the premises shall be adequately insured for fire and other perils.  
\par 
\par The following closing costs will be paid by SELLER: 
\par ________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par The following closing costs will be paid by BUYER: 
\par ________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par The parties hereto acknowledge that ___________, a licensed real estate broker/salesman was the procuring broker herein. 
\par 
\par Should the premises or any portion thereof be leased, SELLER shall provide to the BUYER either a copy of and any all leases in effect, or, should there be any tenants in possession without current written leases, the 
SELLER shall provide estoppel letters at least 5 days prior to closing stating that there is no lease and the duration of any verbal lease, and the terms of the verbal lease. 
\par 
\par All taxes for the current year, escrows on mortgages assumed by the BUYER, prepaid insurance on policies assumed by BUYER, homeowners association dues, shall be prorated between the parties as of the date of closing.  
\par 
\par At the time of closing SELLER shall provide an affidavit to 
\par BUYER that either: 
\par a) there have been no improvements made which would subject the property to the filing of mechanic\rquote s, materialman, labor or other such liens; or 
\par b) that there were improvements made to the subject property and all persons having the right under law to lien the property were paid or lien waivers obtained. 
\par 
\par The SELLER represents to the BUYER that the present use of the property is lawful and complies with all zoning, governmental regulations and restrictive covenants and other similar contracts in effect. 
\par 
\par Dated: _____________________ 
\par 
\par 
\par ___________________________________________ 
\par _______________, BUYER/OFFEROR 
\par 
\par 
\par ACCEPTANCE OF OFFER 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par I hereby accept the offer set forth above. 
\par 
\par 
\par Dated: ____________________________ 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ________________________________________ 
\par ____________, SELLER/OFFEREE 
\par 
\par Witnesses as to Seller\rquote s acceptance: 
\par 
\par 
\par ________________________________________ 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ________________________________________ 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Offer to Purchase Real Estate}{\f1\fs22  
\par Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  
This is a standard offer to purchase real estate.  Be sure to modify the terms to satisfy your interests.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 1.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f1\fs22 Make multiple copies.  Give one to each signatory.  Keep one with the transaction file.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 2.\tab}This is sufficient to close the transaction.  There is no need, unless you choose, to formalize this into a purchase and sale agreement.  In fact, avoiding another \'93go round\'94 can
 prevent the other side from another bite at the apple, so to speak.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 3.\tab}\page 
\par }}