{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f144\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f145\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f147\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f148\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f149\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f150\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f151\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid-1466252052\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01*;}{\levelnumbers;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 }{\listname 
;}\listid-2}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid-2\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext
\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li360 }}\ls1}}{\info{\title Utility & Contractor Agreement}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy2\hr9\min1}
{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy2\hr9\min1}{\version2}{\edmins5}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords537}{\nofchars3065}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}{\nofcharsws3764}{\vern8247}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 
Utility & Contractor Agreement
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f2\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 _________________________, referred to as UTILITY, and ______________________, referred to as CONTRACTOR, agree: 
\par 
\par CONTRACTOR will perform the construction of new power lines, maintenance of new and existing power lines as directed by UTILITY, both above and below ground for UTILITY in the following areas: 
\par ____________________________________________ commencing on ___
________________ and terminating on ___________________. UTILITY shall from time to time provide directions to CONTRACTOR as to what services shall be provided.  Such directions shall include times for completion. Unless CONTRACTOR objects in writing with
in ________ days after receipt of plans as to the proposed time for completion, the time specified by the UTILITY shall control. In the event of a dispute the parties shall meet and in good faith set a time for completion. 
\par 
\par In any case, CONTRACTOR shall diligently and expeditiously complete the work, which
 is assigned. Neither party to this agreement shall be liable to the other for any loss, damages or delay which is a result of factors beyond the reasonable control of the party such as: inclement weather, 
which within the trade is considered to be too hazardous for work; strikes, civil insurrection, which list is not exclusive, but is illustrative. 
\par 
\par CONTRACTOR is not assured by this agreement of any particular level of work by UTILITY. Unless specifically provided for herein, this agreement is non-exclusive. 
\par 
\par ________________ shall furnish all materials for construction and maintenance of the utilities to the CONTRACTOR. 
\par 
\par CONTRACTOR will complete the work in strict accordance with the plans provided. Such
 work shall conform to the standards and practices in general and accepted usage in the electrical utility industry, and further, in accordance with any applicable laws or regulations. 
\par 
\par CONTRACTOR will indemnify and hold harmless UTILITY from any and all claims and damages related to its performance of this agreement. CONTRACTOR shall at all times maintain policies of public liability insurance and, statutory worker\rquote 
s compensation.  CONTRACTOR shall provide copies of such policies to the UTILITY. 
\par 
\par Upon request CONTRACTOR shall secure bonds, which shall indemnify COMPANY from any claims of mechanic\rquote s, materialmen, or worker\rquote 
s liens and claims. The premium for the same shall be reimbursed by the UTILITY to CONTRACTOR upon satisfactory completion of work. 
\par 
\par As to each job, CONTRACTOR shall provide an affidavit to the UTILITY upon completion certifying either that: 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs22 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
all materialmen, mechanics, workmen and any others who are entitled to file mechanic\rquote s or other liens have been paid in full, or,  
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs22 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}that certain materialmen, mechanics, workmen and others who are entitled to file mechanic\rquote s or other liens have not been fully paid and the identities of the lienor.  
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par Payment shall be in accordance with the schedule attached hereto. 
\par 
\par This agreement creates a relationship solely of contractor and independent contractor. 
\par 
\par Dated: __________________ 
\par 
\par 
\par ___________________________________________ 
\par _________________________ By Utility
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ___________________________________________ 
\par ______________________ By Contractor
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Utility & Contractor Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  A utility and contractor agre
ement is important when working with or around utilities such as in road, driveway, septic, and other construction projects.  Be sure to have one in place, especially if you are the home, office, or real estate owner involved.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 1.  Make multiple copies.  Give one to each signer and to the real estate owner as well.
\par }}