{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f39\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\i\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}{\s16\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text 2;}}{\info{\title Collection Agency Agreement}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}
{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy1\hr10\min19}{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy1\hr10\min19}{\version2}{\edmins4}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords384}{\nofchars2191}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}{\nofcharsws2690}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0 Collection Agency Agreement
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 _____________________________, referred to as AGENCY and _____________________________, referred to as CLIENT, agree: 
\par 
\par AGENCY represents that it is properly licensed, bonded, with a capable and trained (if required) staff of collectors, and can effect reasonable and lawful effects to collect accounts receivable of CLIENT. 
\par 
\par CLIENT shall provide to AGENCY, from time to time, accounts receivable to coll
ect. CLIENT represents that any accounts which it turns over to AGENCY are legally due and owed. CLIENT shall provide upon request to AGENCY source documentation for any and all accounts due, and, verification of any balance due. 
\par 
\par AGENCY shall at all time
s conduct collection activity on behalf of CLIENT in compliance with all lawful regulations and laws and shall hold CLIENT harmless from any claims related to unlawful collection activity. A periodic report of the status of all collections shall be provid
ed to CLIENT by AGENCY at least every _________________________.
\par 
\par AGENCY shall receive a fee of __ percent from all sums collected on behalf of CLIENT. AGENCY may deduct from sums collected its fee; however, all sums which are due to the CLIENT shall be hel
d in a separate trust account. In the event that a debtor returns merchandise, the value for the purposes of the agreement shall be the net sales price received for the same, or if the merchandise is accepted by CLIENT, ___ its wholesale value. 
\par 
\par CLIENT shall be entitled to, either itself or through designated agents, auditors and accountants, conduct audits of the books and records of AGENCY to verify accountings. 
\par 
\par CLIENT shall be entitled to withdraw accounts once assigned from AGENCY, however, if any collections are made as related to such accounts shall be reported to AGENCY, and the AGENCY fee paid. 
\par 
\par AGENCY shall be responsible for all expenses related to its collection efforts, other than court costs and attorneys\rquote  fees, if suit is authorized, and expenditure is approved for court costs and attorney\rquote 
s fees. Any suit fees or court costs shall be approved in writing prior to their expenditure. 
\par 
\par Dated: _________________ 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ____________________________________________________ 
\par By Client
\par 
\par 
\par ____________________________________________________
\par By Agency
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Collection Agency Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to inform you 
about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  Signing this agreement establishes the agreement between the parties and prevents any confusion as to the particulars of collections and payments to the parties.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 1.  Make multiple copies.  Give one signed original to each party.
\par }}