{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f132\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f133\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f135\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f136\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f137\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f138\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f139\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f141\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f145\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f146\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f147\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}}{\info{\title BY ORDINARY MAIL}{\author Deaver  Brown}
{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo9\dy2\hr3\min2}{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy2\hr8\min28}{\version2}{\edmins307}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords310}{\nofchars1769}{\*\company Simply Media, Inc.}{\nofcharsws2172}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl\oldas \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs28 Creditor, Objection to 
Debtor Offset}{\f1\fs22 
\par }{\f1\fs28 
\par }{\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 Date:
\par 
\par Name of Debtor (Person Owing Debt)
\par Address: 
\par 
\par Dear Sir or Madam:
\par 
\par We acknowledge receipt of your check tendered in the amount of $_________, which we accept as payment against your overdue balance of $___________, without acknowledging any of the conditions attached to your payment.  
\par 
\par Please remit the balance of $ ___________ prior to __________ (Date) to avoid further charges.
\par 
\par Yours very truly,
\par 
\par ___________________________
\par Authorized Employee or Individual
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Creditor, Objection to Debtor Offset}{\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 Review List
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  This letter is intended to object firmly to a notation, comment, or other 
written item on the face of a check objecting to the charges and stating unilaterally that this is in final settlement of the charges due.  
\par 
\par To be effective, this kind of letter must be sent promptly and followed up clearly.  If this is a unilateral offset by cr
editor, debtor should be able to collect as long as the debtor is solvent.  If, however, the creditor discussed a payment with debtor, but did not in the end agree to one, the debtor has the potential to cloud the matter in court.  If the creditor in fact
 made an offer as suggested by debtor, then the offer should be accepted and this letter not sent\emdash though some creditors might be tempted to try to \'93get away\'94 with it.
\par 
\par All of this is one reason why written correspondence of all kinds is better for both parties if they intend to meet their obligations.  Oral conversations are best for defendants seeking wiggle room (e.g., \'93but he said....\'94
 and so on and so on).  Be so advised about the business practicalities when engaging in this kind of transaction.
\par 
\par Having said this, a personal signature at the bottom of the letter is advised.  You should also start a file on the debtor to anticipate further problems and have your records in order.   This letter clearly puts the balance back into the \'93due\'94
 column and therefore should be attended to as if it were never objected to by debtor.  Proceed accordingly.
\par }}