{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\info
{\title Lease and Buy Agreement}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy6\hr1\min12}{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy6\hr1\min12}{\version2}{\edmins8}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords493}{\nofchars2815}{\*\company CD Titles}
{\nofcharsws3457}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0
\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 Lease and Buy Agreement
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par ______________________, referred to as LEASING COMPANY and ______________________, referred to as CUSTOMER, agree: 
\par 
\par CUSTOMER shall lease from LEASING COMPANY the following items: 
\par _____________________________________________________________
\par 
\par LEASING COMPANY shall purchase the items set forth above as CUSTOMER\rquote S agent. LEASING COMPANY provides no warranty upon the goods, and the sole warranty shall be that offered, if any, by the MA
NUFACTURERS and sellers of the leased equipment. The equipment shall be located at: 
\par _________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par and may not be moved without prior approval of LEASING COMPANY. 
\par 
\par All expenses of delivery, set up and taxes of the leased goods shall be paid directly by CUSTOMER to the providers of such services. 
\par 
\par CUSTOMER shall maintain insurance coverage, at its expense, upon the leased property with broad form coverage through an insurance carrier authorized to transa
ct business in the State of ________ acceptable to LEASING COMPANY, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
\par 
\par CUSTOMER agrees to pay LEASING COMPANY the total sum of $____ (_______________&___/100 dollars) in consideration of the lease of the equipment, to be paid in ____ installments due ______________, with the first payment due on __________________. 
\par 
\par Upon the failure of CUSTOMER to pay any installment due, or to comply with the provisions of this lease agreement, the LEASING COMPANY may accelerate the payment of all remaining sums due. The CUSTOMER shall pay all taxes and levies upon the equipment. 

\par 
\par Any payment late by 10 days will incur a late charge of 5% of the face amount of that payment as described above.
\par 
\par Upon default the LEASING COMPANY may take possession of the leased items, and may enter the premises of CUSTOMER to do so. 
\par 
\par CUSTOMER shall have
 the option to purchase the leased equipment at the conclusion of the term of the lease, provided that all payments have been made, for the sum of $________(______________& ___/100 dollars). Should CUSTOMER decline to exercise this option, CUSTOMER shall 
return the equipment, at its expense, to LEASING COMPANY. 
\par 
\par The customer shall be responsible for all maintenance upon the leased items, and shall keep the equipment in good operating condition. 
\par 
\par Upon default, CUSTOMER agrees to pay any and all costs of collection including attorney\rquote s fees incurred by LEASING COMPANY.  CUSTOMER shall not move the leased items without the prior approval of LEASING COMPANY. 
\par 
\par CUSTOMER agrees to execute financing statements or other documents reasonably required by LEASING COMPANY. 
\par 
\par Dated: _______________________________ 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par _______________________________________ 
\par Customer
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ______________________________________ 
\par Leasing Company
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Lease and Buy Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  This is a lease agre
ement intended to help a customer buy a large item.  It is set up as an installment loan, with leasing provisions, and will work fine as long as the customer makes the payments.  The simplicity of the agreement will make it easier for the Seller to 
entice the Buyer into buying.   The agreement provides for repossession, late payments, collection costs, and the like.
\par 
\par }\pard \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {1.  Make multiple copies.  Each signatory should get one.  Keep one in the related file.
\par }}