{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 List;}{\s16\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Title;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text;}{
\s18\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 Body Text 2;}}{\info{\title Customer Maintenance Agreement}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}
{\creatim\yr2001\mo9\dy29\hr4\min51}{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy29\hr4\min51}{\version2}{\edmins5}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords704}{\nofchars4015}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}{\nofcharsws4930}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s16\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs28 Customer
 Maintenance Agreement
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 ____________________, referred to as SOFTWARE SERVICE COMPANY, and ____________________, referred to as CUSTOMER agree: 
\par 
\par CUSTOMER represents and warrants that it is an authorized licensee/owner of the following described computer software system: ________________________________________________
\par 
\par SOFTWARE SERVICE COMPANY shall provide under the terms and conditions stated herein maintenance service for CUSTOMER.  Maintenance service is defined as providing needed assistance as reasonably necessary to make the program perform pursuant to its
 listed specifications; provided, that since the product is produced by a third party 
that SOFTWARE SERVICE COMPANY shall not be required to correct deficiencies which are results of programming, or failure to program, of the producer of the program. Maintenance shall include reconfiguration of the software if reasonably required to accomp
lish tasks within the capability of the program. 
\par 
\par In the event that the producer of the program issues a new version, and CUSTOMER elects to upgrade to such new version, maintenance hereunder shall include re-configuration of the system and conversion of d
ata or other items to the new standard.  However, if the upgrade requires complete re-installation the parties shall in good faith negotiate and agree upon a one-time charge for such re-installation. 
\par 
\par The total contract price shall be $_______ (___________________ &___/100 dollars) which shall be due, in full, on ________________. 
\par 
\par In addition to the maintenance obligation undertaken above, COMPUTER SERVICE COMPANY shall provide at no additional charge to CUSTOMER no more than ___ hours of initial training in use of the program, and refresher training for employees that have already
 received initial training. This training shall take place at ___________________. COMPUTER SERVICE COMPANY shall not be required to provide additional training; however, CUSTOMER may order additional
 training at a cost $_______ (___________________ &___/100 dollars) per instructor/hour. 
\par 
\par This agreement may be terminated under two conditions: 
\par 1)\tab a breach of the contract, 
\par 2)\tab termination without a breach of the contract 
\par 
\par If
 a breach of the contract is committed by the CUSTOMER, the COMPUTER SERVICE COMPANY shall give a written notice specifying the alleged breach and permit the CUSTOMER to cure the breach within 10 days. However if the COMPUTER SERVICE COMPANY has previousl
y complained of a substantially similar breach, the COMPUTER SERVICE COMPANY may either: 
\par a)\tab allow a period of three days to cure the breach; or, 
\par b)\tab issue a notice of immediate termination. 
\par 
\par If a breach of contract is committed by the COMPUTER SERVICE COM
PANY, the CUSTOMER shall give written notice specifying the alleged breach and permit the COMPUTER SERVICE COMPANY to cure the breach within 3 business days. However, if the CUSTOMER has previously complained of a substantially similar breach, the CUSTOME
R may alternately issue a notice of immediate termination or allow a period of two business days to cure the breach. All notices of alleged breaches shall be sent by the most expeditious means, such as fax or over night delivery. 
\par 
\par In the event that a claimed breach by COMPUTER SERVICE COMPANY is the failure of the CUSTOMER to pay as agreed, 2-business days notice of intention to terminate may be given, although COMPUTER SERVICE COMPANY shall not be required to do so. 
\par 
\par No failure or delay in exercising in right or failure to issue a notice of any breach shall not constitute a waiver of any rights herein. 
\par 
\par Breach by the CUSTOMER shall include, but not be limited to: 
\par a)\tab the CUSTOMER making or permitting any alteration of the software or hardware without the prior agreement of the COMPUTER SERVICE COMPANY; the COMPUTER SERVICE COMPANY shall not be required to agree to any changes by third parties; 
\par b)\tab refusal of the CUSTOMER to reasonably cooperate with the COMPUTER SERVICE COMPANY; 
\par c)\tab persistent failure of provision of a proper electrical supply, persistent failure to properly maintain hardware and a proper environment for computers. 
\par 
\par The contract may be terminated by either party without reference to a breach and without cause on ___ days notice. 
\par 
\par This is the entire agreement between the parties, and this agreement may only be changed by a writing executed by both parties. 
\par 
\par Dated: ______________________ 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ____________________________________________ 
\par ____________________ By Customer
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par _____________________________________________ 
\par ____________________ By Computer Service Company
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Customer Maintenance Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.
  This agreement is good to have in place by both parties.  
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 1.  Make multiple copies.  Keep them in files related to the transaction.
\par }}