{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f132\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f133\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f135\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f136\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f137\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f138\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f139\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f141\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f145\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f146\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f147\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\info
{\title Patent Assignment}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy9\hr12\min57}{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy9\hr12\min57}{\version2}{\edmins5}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords466}{\nofchars2659}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}
{\nofcharsws3265}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0
\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 Patent Assignment
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
_______________, referred to as INVENTOR, and ________________, referred to as PURCHASER, in consideration of $_______________ (_____________________ &___/100 dollars) agree:
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par INVENTOR assigns to PURCHASER, and their heirs and assigns, all rights related to U.S. Patent Serial No._____________________,
 for an invention described as ________________________________, including rights to apply for a patent or to practice the invention worldwide.
\par 
\par INVENTOR warrants that the title to the patent is free and clear and that INVENTOR is not aware of any adverse claims thereto and shall defend the patent at its expense.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 1. }{\f1\fs22\ul Notices}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it, shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as FedEx.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par If to Purchaser: _____________________________________________________.
\par 
\par If to Inventor: ___________________________________________________.
\par 
\par 2.  }{\f1\fs22\ul No Waiver}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.
\par 
\par 3.  }{\f1\fs22\ul Entirety of Agreement}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 The terms and condi
tions set forth herein constitute the entire agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.  There are no written or oral understandings directly or indirectly re
lated to this Agreement that are not set forth herein.  No change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by both parties.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 4.  }{\f1\fs22\ul Governing Law}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of ____________________ and any dispute under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.
\par 
\par 5.  }{\f1\fs22\ul Headings in this Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 
\par The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of this Agreement.
\par 
\par 6.  }{\f1\fs22\ul Severability}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement, including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and effect as 
if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.
\par 
\par In Witness whereof}{\b\f1\fs22 , }{\f1\fs22 the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.
\par 
\par _________________________\tab \tab \tab \tab _______________________
\par Inventor    \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Purchaser
\par 
\par ___________________
\par Date
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par __________________________
\par Witness
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Patent Assignment
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  This Paten
t Assignment can be used and revised for an assignment of any intellectual property rights.  This agreement provides for an outright purchase.  This is much less subject to dispute than royalty or installment purchases, which
 often wind up in dispute and litigation.  This is a clean-cut agreement subject to virtually no dispute.  We strongly recommend you use it on both sides of the transaction.  
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 1.  Make multiple copies.  Keep copies in the appropriate related files.
\par }}