{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 List;}{\s16\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Title;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text;}}{\info
{\title Software Maintenance Agreement }{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo9\dy29\hr4\min56}{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy29\hr4\min56}{\version2}{\edmins4}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords630}{\nofchars3591}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}
{\nofcharsws4410}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0
\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s16\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 Software Maintenance Agreement 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 ___________, referred to as DEVELOPER, and ______________, referred to as CUSTOMER, agree: 
\par 
\par CUSTOMER is a licensed user of ______________, version ____ for   _________________, referred to as the \'93licensed program.\'94 
\par 
\par DEVELOPER shall offer such service as may be reasonably required to cause the licensed program to operate in accordance with the s
tated specifications of the system and in conformance with any specific contractual undertakings contained in the licensing agreement. 
\par 
\par The total contract price shall be $ _______ (________________ ___________________ &___/100 dollars) which shall be due, in installment as follows: $ ______ (_
_______________________ &___/100 dollars) on ______ 199__, with the same amount due every ____________ thereafter, until paid in full.  Any past due installments will bear interest at the highest legal rate. 
\par 
\par In addition to the maintenance obligation undertaken above, DEVELOPER shall provide at no additional charge to CUSTOMER no more than ___ hours of initial training in use of the program, and
 refresher training for employees that have already received initial training. This training shall take place at __________ ________.  DEVELOPER shall not be required to provide additional training; however
, CUSTOMER may order additional training at a cost of $ ______ (___________ &___/100 dollars) per instructor/hour. 
\par 
\par Nothing in this agree implies that DEVELOPER is required to make enhancements or improvements to the program or to provide support for any particular length, other than, if the CUSTOMER\rquote 
s original agreement requires maintenance for a particular period of time, such contract shall control. 
\par 
\par This agreement may be terminated under two conditions: 
\par 1)\tab a breach of the contract, 
\par 2)\tab termination without a breach of the contract 
\par 
\par 
\par If a breach of the contract is committed by the CUSTOMER, the DEVELOPER shall give a
 written notice specifying the alleged breach and permit the CUSTOMER to cure the breach within 10 days.  However if the DEVELOPER has previously complained of a substantially similar breach, the DEVELOPER may either: 
\par a)\tab allow a period of three days to cure the breach; or, 
\par b)\tab issue a notice of immediate termination. 
\par 
\par If a breach of contract is committed by the DEVELOPER, the CUSTOMER shall give written notice specifying the alleged breach and permit the DEVELOPER to cure the breach within 3 business days. However, if the CUSTOMER has previously complained of
 a substantially similar breach, the CUSTOMER may alternately issue a notice of immediate termination or allow a period of two business days to cure the breach. All notices of alleged breaches shall
 be sent by the most expeditious means, such as fax or over night delivery. 
\par 
\par In the event that a claimed breach by DEVELOPER is the failure of the CUSTOMER to pay as agreed, 2-business days notice of intention to terminate may be given, although DEVELOPER shall not be required to do so. 
\par 
\par No failure or delay in exercising in right or failure to issue a notice of any breach shall not constitute a waiver of any rights herein. 
\par 
\par Breach by the CUSTOMER shall include, but not be limited to: 
\par a)\tab the CUSTOMER making or permitting any alteration of the software or hardware without the prior agreement of the DEVELOPER; the DEVELOPER shall not be required to agree to any changes by third parties; 
\par b)\tab refusal of the CUSTOMER to reasonably cooperate with the DEVELOPER; 
\par c)\tab refusal of the CUSTOMER to permit installation of software, including updates; 
\par d)\tab persistent failure of provision of a proper electrical supply, persistent failure to properly maintain hardware and a proper environment for computers. 
\par 
\par The contract may be terminated by either party without reference to a breach and without cause on ________ notice. 
\par 
\par This is the entire agreement between the parties, and the same may only be altered by a writing executed by all parties hereto. 
\par 
\par Dated: ______________________ 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par _________________________________________________ 
\par ______________ By Customer
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par __________________________________________________ 
\par ______________ By Developer
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Software Maintenance Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  Make multiple copies and keep them in the appropriate related files.
\par 
\par }}