{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{
\s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\qj \fi-450\li450\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin450\itap0 
\f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid174859522\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0
{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }{\listname ;}\listid1406563114}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1406563114
\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title Software Development Agreement}{\author Deaver  Brown}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo8\dy31\hr16\min19}{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy1\hr13\min11}{\version2}{\edmins84}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords2543}{\nofchars14497}
{\*\company Simply Media, Inc.}{\nofcharsws17803}{\vern8247}}\margl1440\margr1296 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Software Development Agreement
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par This Software Development Agreement ("Agreement") is made and effective this __________ (Date), by and between ______________________________________________ ("Developer") and _______________________________________________________________("Buyer").

\par 
\par In consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:
\par 
\par 1. }{\f1\fs22\ul Duties and Responsibilities}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Developer shall serve as a contractor of Buyer, defined by the IRS as a 1099 Contractor, and sha
ll design, develop, and implement applications software ("Software") according to the functional specifications and related information, if any, attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by this reference ("Specifications") and as more fully se
t
 forth in this Agreement.  Developer acknowledges that it has been contracted for this specific task, and that it shall report all findings and make all recommendations directly to the management of Buyer.  The Software, including all versions in either s
ource code or object code form, shall be delivered to Buyer not later than ___________ (Date).
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 2. }{\f1\fs22\ul Ownership of Software}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
Developer agrees that the development of the Software is "work for hire" within the meaning of the Copyright Act of 1976, as amended f
rom time to time, and that the Software shall be the sole property of Buyer.  Developer hereby assigns to Buyer, without further compensation, all of its right, title and interest in and to the Software and any and all related patents, patent applications
,
 copyrights, copyright applications, trademarks and trade names in the United States and elsewhere.  Developer will keep and maintain adequate and current written records with respect to the Software (in the form of notes, sketches, drawings and as may ot
h
erwise be specified by Buyer), which records shall be available to and remain the sole property of Buyer at all times.  All versions of the Software shall contain Buyer's conspicuous notice of copyright.  Developer will assist Buyer in obtaining and enfor
c
ing patent, copyright and other forms of legal protection for the Software in any country.  Upon request, Developer will sign all applications, assignments, instruments and papers and perform all acts necessary or desired by Buyer to assign the Software f
ully and completely to Buyer and to enable Buyer, its successors, assigns and nominees, to secure and enjoy the full and exclusive benefits and advantages of this work.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx576\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\tx18720\tx19440\tx20160\tx20880\tx21600\tx22320
\tx23040\tx23760\tx24480\tx25200\tx25920\tx26640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 3.  }{\f1\fs22\ul Compensation}{\f1\fs22 .
\par }\pard \qj \fi-576\li576\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx576\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\tx18720\tx19440\tx20160\tx20880\tx21600\tx22320
\tx23040\tx23760\tx24480\tx25200\tx25920\tx26640\faauto\rin0\lin576\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx576\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\tx18720\tx19440\tx20160\tx20880\tx21600\tx22320
\tx23040\tx23760\tx24480\tx25200\tx25920\tx26640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {A. Buyer shall pay Developer as follows: $ ______________ downpayment and $ ____________ upon completion.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx576\tx720\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
B. Subject to Buyer's prior approval, Buyer will reimburse Developer for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including, but not limited to, air fare, lodging, meals and rental of automobiles incurred by Developer du
ring the development of the Software on behalf of Buyer, if any of these activities are deemed necessary.
\par 
\par 4. }{\f1\fs22\ul Independent Contractor}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Developer is acting as an independent contractor with respect to the services provided to Buyer.  Neither Developer nor t
he employees of the Developer performing services for Buyer will be considered employees or agents of Buyer.  Buyer will not be responsible for Developer's acts or the acts of Developer's employees while performing services under this Agreement.  Nothing 
c
ontained in this Agreement shall be construed to imply a joint venture, business, partnership or principal-agent relationship between the parties, and neither party by virtue of this Agreement shall have any right, power or authority to act or create any 
obligation, express or implied, on behalf of the other party.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx576\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\tx18720\tx19440\tx20160\tx20880\tx21600\tx22320
\tx23040\tx23760\tx24480\tx25200\tx25920\tx26640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 5.  }{\f1\fs22\ul Development Staff-Monitoring}{\f1\fs22 .
\par }\pard \qj \fi-576\li576\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx576\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\tx18720\tx19440\tx20160\tx20880\tx21600\tx22320
\tx23040\tx23760\tx24480\tx25200\tx25920\tx26640\faauto\rin0\lin576\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\tx18720\tx19440\tx20160\tx20880\tx21600\tx22320
\tx23040\tx23760\tx24480\tx25200\tx25920\tx26640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
A. Developer will utilize employees and/or contractors capable of designing and implementing the Software to be developed per this Agreement.  All work shall be
 performed in a professional and workmanlike manner.  Developer shall arrange for such employees and/or contractors, if any, to execute and deliver any document or instrument reasonably requested by Buyer to reflect Buyer's ownership of the Software or in
 connection with any application for patent or copyright.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par B. Buyer shall have the right to reasonably observe and monitor all aspects of the performance by Developer of its obligations hereunder and Developer shall use reasonable efforts to facilitate such
 observation and monitoring.  Information, functions and operations of Developer not directly related to its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to observation and monitoring.
\par 
\par 6. }{\f1\fs22\ul Change in Specifications}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Buyer may, in its sole discretion, request
 that changes be made to the Specifications, or other aspects of the Agreement and tasks associated with this Agreement.  If Buyer requests such a change, Developer will use its best efforts to implement the requested change at no additional expense to Bu
y
er and without delaying delivery of the Software.  In the event that the proposed change will, in the reasonable opinion of Developer, require a delay in delivery of the Software or would result in additional expense to Buyer, then Buyer and Developer sha
ll confer and Buyer shall, in its discretion, elect either to withdraw its proposed change or require Developer to deliver the Software with the proposed change and subject to the delay and/or additional expense.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \fi-432\li432\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx432\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\tx18720\tx19440\tx20160\tx20880\tx21600\tx22320
\tx23040\tx23760\tx24480\tx25200\tx25920\tx26640\faauto\rin0\lin432\itap0 {\f1\fs22 7.\tab }{\f1\fs22\ul Confidentiality.}{\f1\fs22 
\par 
\par A.\tab Developer acknowled
ges that all material and information supplied by Buyer which has or will come into Developer's possession or knowledge of Developer in connection with its performance hereunder, is to be considered Buyer's confidential and proprietary information (the "C
o
nfidential Information").  By way of illustration, but not as a limitation, Confidential Information includes the Software, trade secrets, processes, data, know-how, program codes, documentation, flowcharts, algorithms, marketing plans, forecasts, unpubli
s
hed financial statements, budgets, licenses, prices, costs, and employee and customer lists.  Developer's undertakings and obligations under this Section will not apply, however, to any Confidential Information which: (i) is or becomes generally known to 
t
he public through no action on Developer's part, (ii) is generally disclosed to third parties by Buyer without restriction on such third parties, or (iii) is approved for release by written authorization of Buyer.  Upon termination of this Agreement or at
 
any other time upon request, Developer will promptly deliver to Buyer all notes, memoranda, notebooks, drawings, records, reports, files, documented source codes and other documents (and all copies or reproductions of such materials) in its possession or 
u
nder its control, whether prepared by Developer or others, which contain Confidential Information.  Developer acknowledges that Confidential Information is the sole property of Buyer.  Developer agrees that disclosure of such information to, or use by, th
i
rd parties, either during or after this Agreement, will cause Buyer irreparable damage.  Developer agrees to use best efforts to hold Confidential Information in the strictest confidence, not to make use of it other than for the performance of its obligat
i
ons hereunder, to release it only to the Developer's employees or contractors with a need to know such information and not to release or disclose it to any other party.  Developer further agrees not to release such information to any employee or contracto
r
 who has not signed a written agreement between Developer and the employee expressly binding the employee not to use or disclose the Confidential Information, except as expressly permitted in this Agreement. Buyer shall be listed as a third-party benefici
a
ry of any such agreement.  Developer will notify Buyer in writing of any circumstances within its knowledge relating to any unauthorized possession, use, or knowledge of such Confidential Information.  At any time, upon request, the Developer will return 
any such information within its possession to Buyer.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \fi-450\li450\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin450\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
B.   Developer acknowledges that Buyer's purpose in pursuing the development of the Software is to gain a significant competitive advantage over competitors operating without such Software and that such 
advantage will be jeopardized if such competitors learn of Buyer's negotiations with Developer or the performance by Developer of its obligations hereunder.  Accordingly, Developer agrees to keep such negotiations and performance of its obligations hereun
d
er strictly confidential and not to disclose any information to any third party or entity without the prior written permission of Buyer.  In no event, shall Developer or any of its employees use Buyer as a reference in marketing Developer's services to an
y third party or entity without Buyer's prior written permission.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 8. }{\f1\fs22\ul Training}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
Developer shall provide Buyer and its employees with training consultations with respect to the use of the Software as may reasonably be requested by Buyer from time to time fo
r after acceptance at no additional costs to Buyer ("Training Period").  Developer shall deliver a detailed user's manual to Buyer on or before completion of acceptance that will enable Buyer's employees who are otherwise unfamiliar with the Software to b
e
come adequately informed about using the software.  All training that Developer is required to provide hereunder shall be performed at such locations and at such times as are mutually agreed to by the parties hereto.  Upon the expiration of the Training P
eriod and following Buyer's request, Developer will provide any support services necessary to insure Buyer's continued use of the Software.  Such services will be performed on a time and material basis at Developer's then current hourly
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 rates for such services.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx576\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\tx18720\tx19440\tx20160\tx20880\tx21600\tx22320
\tx23040\tx23760\tx24480\tx25200\tx25920\tx26640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 9.  }{\f1\fs22\ul Warranties}{\f1\fs22 .
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par A. Developer warrants that for a period of _______________ following acceptance, the Software will operate substantially according to the Specifications.  In the event of any breach of the warranty in this Section 9. A., in addition 
to any other remedy to which Buyer may be entitled, Developer shall take all action necessary at its expense to cause the Software to operate according to the warranty.
\par 
\par B. Developer warrants that the Software will not infringe upon any copyright, patent, 
trade secret or other intellectual property interest of any third party.  Developer will indemnify and hold Buyer harmless from and against all such infringement claims, losses, suits and damages including, but not limited to, attorney's fees and costs, a
nd shall promptly following any bona-fide claim of infringement correct the Software so as not to be infringing, or secure at its own expense the right of Buyer to use the Software without infringement.
\par 
\par 10. }{\f1\fs22\ul Term and Termination}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {A.  This Agreement shall commence upon today\rquote 
s date and continue until all of the obligations of the parties have been performed or until earlier terminated as provided herein.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par B.  Developer's appointment as consultant pursuant to this Agreement and this Agreement
\par shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx432\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\tx18720\tx19440\tx20160\tx20880\tx21600\tx22320
\tx23040\tx23760\tx24480\tx25200\tx25920\tx26640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 (i)\tab 
In the event either party defaults in any material obligation owed to the other party pursuant to this Agreement, then this Agreement may be terminated if the default is not cured following at least 
forty five (45) days written notice to the defaulting party.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx432\tx720\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\tx18720\tx19440\tx20160\tx20880\tx21600\tx22320\tx23040
\tx23760\tx24480\tx25200\tx25920\tx26640\tx27360\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
(ii) Either party is bankrupt or insolvent, or bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings are instituted against a party and the proceeding is not dismissed within forty five (45) days after commencement.
\par }\pard \qj \li432\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx432\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\tx18720\tx19440\tx20160\tx20880\tx21600\tx22320
\tx23040\tx23760\tx24480\tx25200\tx25920\tx26640\faauto\rin0\lin432\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \fi-432\li432\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx432\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\tx18720\tx19440\tx20160\tx20880\tx21600\tx22320
\tx23040\tx23760\tx24480\tx25200\tx25920\tx26640\faauto\rin0\lin432\itap0 {\f1\fs22 (iii) Developer dies or becomes disabled.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx432\tx720\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
C.  Section 2, Ownership of Software, and Section 7, Confidentiality, shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.  In the event of early termination due to Developer's default or the death
 or disability of the individual(s) identified in subsection (iii), above, Developer agrees to deliver the Software then completed.  Developer, in that instance, shall be paid a pro rata share for the work; if the amount cannot be agreed upon, the Buyer c
an return the work and the other terms of this contract go into effect, as outlined in this section and others.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 11. }{\f1\fs22\ul Notices}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it, shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate pa
rty by personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as FedEx.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par If to the Developer: _____________________________________________________.
\par 
\par If to the Buyer: ___________________________________________________.
\par 
\par 
\par 12.  }{\f1\fs22\ul No Waiver}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 13.  }{\f1\fs22\ul Entirety of Agreement}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {The terms and conditions set forth 
herein constitute the entire agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.  There are no written or oral understandings directly or indirectly related to this Ag
reement that are not set forth herein.  No change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by both parties.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 14.  }{\f1\fs22\ul Governing Law}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of ____________________ and any dispute under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.
\par 
\par 15.  }{\f1\fs22\ul Headings in this Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 
\par The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of this Agreement.
\par 
\par 16.  }{\f1\fs22\ul Severability}{\f1\fs22 .
\par 
\par If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement, including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and effect as if such invalid 
or unenforceable term had never been included.
\par 
\par In Witness whereof}{\b\f1\fs22 , }{\f1\fs22 the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.
\par 
\par _________________________\tab \tab \tab \tab _______________________
\par Developer    \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Buyer
\par 
\par ___________________
\par Date
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22\ul EXHIBIT A}{\f1\fs22 :  Specifications for the Software (if any)
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Software Development Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
This review list is provided to help you complete this Software Development Agreement.  Software development is still a largely immature market full of pitfalls 
and perils for both the publisher, the Buyer in this case, and the End-User, not applicable in this Agreement.  No other industry to our knowledge, for example, willfully has able bodied and competent experts issuing bugs and viruses just for the pure ple
a
sure of it.  Therefore, the Buyer of software and software development must be especially careful when entering into contracts with Developers.  Developers, on the other side of the equation, often are deeply suspicious of publishers so, in a similar mann
e
r, are wary in their dealings with them.  As with all of our legal forms and business advice, our role is to guide you with regard to the practical business matters and not give legal advice per se.  Therefore, our business advice is, that no matter which
 side of this equation you are on, beware of these activities and be scrupulous about your conduct in order to have the relationship go smoothly in an industry that runs anything but smoothly.  
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 1.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f1\fs22 Be sure both parties sign the Agreement prior to commencing w
ork.  Be sure all monies are clear.  We advise that Buyers provide some deposit as a good faith gesture since most developers need the funds to operate and live.  We also suggest that Buyers be aware that any repair work, whether on a house or a software 
p
rogram, can discover unanticipated problems.  It is important for the long-term survival of the software that the Buyer permit the Developer to reveal candidly any flaws uncovered in the software so it may be addressed.  Punishing the bearer of bad tiding
s is a distinctly self-destructive act by many publishers.  
\par }\pard \qj \li360\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 2.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
Time pressure placed upon Developers, plus ill-defined missions, has led to much bad and buggy software being sold and released to make artificial deadlines.  Further compounding this problem, mo
st Developers refuse to outline, blue print, and otherwise prepare their activities prior to commencing actual coding.  Both of these tendencies, very uncommon in most established consumer product industries, lead to misunderstandings, financial problems 
f
or the participants, end-user unhappiness, and so on and so on.  Whether you are the Developer or the Buyer, you can help improve this situation in this Agreement by not putting undue time pressures on projects, defining in outlines and blue prints what t
he product should do, and provide sufficient time for Q & A to resolve problems.  As they say in carpentry, \'93Measure twice; cut once.\'94
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 3.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f1\fs22 
Print at least two copies of this Agreement because, especially for the Buyer, this document relates to your ownership ri
ghts to the software in question.  You should keep a copy in your corporate records as well as with the software worked upon.  Well-documented ownership trails almost always become a major issue at some point in the software business.  Keeping a good audi
t trail will save your corporation time and money in the long term.  The Developer is advised to keep copies for marketing purposes in the future; while you may not be able or want to disclose the exact document, you can get a letter of commendation, if p
ossible, from the Buyer at the end of the project.  This can be a very helpful sales tool with potential buyers in a turbulent market (and we say that as a buyer ourselves)!
\par }}