{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f128\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f129\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f131\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f132\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f133\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f134\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f135\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f137\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f143\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-773839992\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0
\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-180\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }{\listname 
;}\listid924799537}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid924799537\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title Technical Manual Writing Agreement}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy2\hr10\min3}
{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy2\hr10\min3}{\version2}{\edmins6}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords699}{\nofchars3988}{\*\company CD Titles, Inc.}{\nofcharsws4897}{\vern8247}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 T
echnical Manual Writing Agreement
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 ______________________, referred to as PROGRAMMER, and 
\par ______________________, referred to as WRITER, agree:
\par 
\par PROGRAMMER has authored a program entitled ______________________, and WRITER shall prepare manuals and other documentation for the same under the terms and conditions stated herein.
\par 
\par On or before ________________________, PROGRAMMER shall provide a copy
 of ______________________ to PROGRAMMER. Said program shall be substantially complete, that is, that the program shall perform all its major functions intended to be and shall be free from major defects. Some of the functions may be linked to stub 

\par files. However, PROGRAMMER shall provide at the earliest opportunity functional code for such stubbed versions. 
\par 
\par In the event that the program is not timely delivered or there are major defects in the same, the time for the completion of the manual shall be extended accordingly.
\par 
\par In the event of a substantial redesign, including the addition of major new functions, or any re-design of the end user interface, WRITER shall be entitled to reasonable additional compensation to be negotiated by the parties in good fa
ith. Substantial re-design shall include but be limited to:
\par a.  change in operating system of the program, such as from MS-DOS to Windows;
\par b.  addition of major functions which comprise an addition of 20% or more of the total original components;
\par c.  re-coding which comprises 25% of more of the source code modules.
\par 
\par In the event that the WRITER discovers any programming inconsistencies (bugs) WRITER shall immediately inform PROGRAMMER of the same.
\par 
\par WRITER shall prepare a manual suitable for use by ___________________________, of approximately 
\par ______________________________ words.
\par 
\par WRITER shall provide ______________________ charts and __________________________ illustrations. The illustrations shall be ________________________.
\par 
\par WRITER shall provide a quick reference card detailing the basic program functions suitable for use by users needing command sequences or other information for the elementary use of the major functions of the program.
\par 
\par WRITER shall receive credit in the final distributed version of the manuals and other materials as the author.
\par 
\par WRITER shall deliver the manual and other materials provided for herein on or before _____________________, unless extended as is provided herein. Time is of the essence in this contract.
\par 
\par WRITER shall provide in addition to printed copies, a diskette of the manual and other contents in ASCII or any other mutually agreeable file format.
\par 
\par WRITER shall assist the PROGRAMMER during beta testing programs, if such are held, in the evaluation of t
he materials delivered by the WRITER to beta testers. Such assistance shall be limited, unless expressly contracted for herein to telephone or mail consultants of an intermittent, as needed basis. Based upon the results of the beta program, WRITER shall i
n good faith use WRITER's best efforts to improve the manual based upon the test.
\par 
\par In consideration of the payments made herein, WRITER herewith unconditionally sells and assigns the copyright to the manual to PROGRAMMER. In applications or other filings re
lated to the copyright, PROGRAMMER may be named as the author. For purposes of the United States Copyright Code, PROGRAMMER will be considered 
\par to be the statutory author of the materials delivered herein. 
\par 
\par WRITER agrees to execute any and all documents requested by WRITER to establish the full ownership of PROGRAMMER in the manuals and other materials prepared herein.
\par 
\par WRITER shall be paid as follows:
\par 
\par A total fee of $______________________ 
\par (_______________________________________________ & ______/100 dollars), due as follows: 
\par ___________________________________________________________
\par 
\par This is the entire agreement between the parties and the same may only be varied in writing.
\par 
\par Dated: ___________________
\par 
\par 
\par ________________________________
\par ______________________ By Programmer/Owner
\par 
\par 
\par _______________________________
\par ______________________ By Technical Writer
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Technical Manual Writing Agreement
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation.  Te
chnical manual writing is tricky because the writer has to be intimately familiar with the program to make the project work well.  This is rarely the case in fact.  As a result, most technical manuals are not as effe
ctive as they should be for the end user\rquote s purposes.  
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 1.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f1\fs22 Make multiple copies.  Give each signer an original copy.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 2.\tab}Be sure the technical writer has enough documentation, information, and skill, as a practical matter, for them to succeed in the project.  Otherwise, both parties will be unhappy with the out
come\emdash and no legal document will cure that unhappiness, no matter how well crafted.
\par }}