{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f132\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f133\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f135\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f136\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f137\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f138\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f139\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f141\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f145\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f146\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f147\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\info
{\title Promissory Note}{\author Sergei Nemirovsky}{\operator Deaver  Brown}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy5\hr14\min36}{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy5\hr14\min37}{\version3}{\edmins3}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords433}{\nofchars2473}{\*\company CD Titles}{\nofcharsws3037}
{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs28 Promissory Note
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par __________________, 20_____\tab \tab   _____________, ____________
\par $_______. ____
\par 
\par _______________________, referred to herein as \'93MAKER\'94, agrees to pay to the Order of _______________________, referred to herein as \'93HOLDER\'94, or order, the sum of
 $____, (______________________________&___/100 Dollars), at __________________, _______________, _____________, with interest thereon at rate of ___% per annum, simple interest. 
\par 
\par Said note shall be in due, unless earlier accelerated, in ______ installments, payable every _______, in the amount of $_____. 00   (____________________&__/100 Dollars). All payments received shall be credited first to in
terest and then to principal. Should MAKER fail to pay any installment when due, then HOLDER shall have the option to accelerate the payment of the full principal sum and accrued interest payable. HOLDER shall have the right for commercially reasonable ca
u
ses, including but not limited to, the institution of litigation, the filing of tax liens, or any other objective sign of incapacity of the MAKER to pay the principal or interest due, to accelerate the payment of the full principal sum and accrued interes
t payable. 
\par 
\par This note is payable in U.S. Dollars. At any time the maximum rate of interest applicable to this transaction shall not exceed the legal maximum rate of interest for a note of this type. Any sums paid in excess of any lawful limitation shall be
 applied to principal. 
\par 
\par After default herein, this note will bear interest at the highest legal rate for this type of note until paid in full. Upon any default, MAKER agrees to pay a reasonable attorney\rquote s fee for any and all services of an attorney, wheth
er in or out of court, and for appeal and post-judgment collection legal services. 
\par Dated:  
\par 
\par ____________________________________________ 
\par MAKER 
\par 
\par PERSONAL GUARANTEE 
\par 
\par The undersigned, in consideration of the extension of credit by HOLDER to MAKER, unconditionally personally guarantee the full and prompt payment of principal, interest, and any collection costs, including attorney\rquote 
s fees to HOLDER. The undersigned consent to any extensions which may be made from time to time between MAKER and HOLDER, and consents to the release or substitution of any collateral. 
\par 
\par *************************************************************** 
\par READ CAREFULLY: You are executing a legally binding obligation to pay this debt should the primary maker fail or refuse to do so.  This may mean that you might be called on to pay this debt and collection costs. 
\par *************************************************************** 
\par 
\par 
\par __________________________________________ 
\par GUARANTOR 
\par 
\par __________________________________________ 
\par GUARANTOR 
\par                       
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22 \page }{\f1\fs28 Promissory Note
\par }{\f1\fs22 Review List
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation. This is a 
straightforward promissory note.  Be guided accordingly.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 
\par 1.  Make multiple copies.  Give one to each related party.
\par }}